api-reference/v1.0/api/authentication-list-passwordmethods.md, before:

---
title: "List passwordMethods"
description: "Retrieve a user's passwordAuthenticationMethod objects. This will return exactly one object, as a user can have exactly one password."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "mmcla"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List passwordMethods

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve a list of the passwords registered to a user, represented by a [passwordAuthenticationMethod](../resources/passwordauthenticationmethod.md) object. This will return exactly one object, as a user can have exactly one password. For security, the password itself will never be returned in the object and the **password** property is always `null`.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |

For delegated scenarios where an admin is acting on another user, the admin needs one of the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):
* Global Administrator
* Global Reader
* Privileged Authentication Administrator
* Authentication Administrator

## HTTP request

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /me/authentication/passwordMethods
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/passwordMethods
```

## Optional query parameters

This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [passwordAuthenticationMethod](../resources/passwordauthenticationmethod.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.



# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_passwordmethods"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/authentication/passwordMethods
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-passwordmethods-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-passwordmethods-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-passwordmethods-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-passwordmethods-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-passwordmethods-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-passwordmethods-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.passwordAuthenticationMethod",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#users('67273bfa-5cd8-477a-acf7-e13ff81ebf70')/authentication/passwordMethods",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "28c10230-6103-485e-b985-444c60001490",
            "password": null,
            "createdDateTime": null
        }
    ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List passwordMethods",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

Add first set of HTTP request updates

api-reference/v1.0/api/authentication-list-passwordmethods.md, after:

---
title: "List passwordMethods"
description: "Retrieve a user's passwordAuthenticationMethod objects. This will return exactly one object, as a user can have exactly one password."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "mmcla"
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List passwordMethods

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Retrieve a list of the passwords registered to a user, represented by a [passwordAuthenticationMethod](../resources/passwordauthenticationmethod.md) object. This will return exactly one object, as a user can have exactly one password. For security, the password itself will never be returned in the object and the **password** property is always `null`.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |

For delegated scenarios where an admin is acting on another user, the admin needs one of the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/users-groups-roles/directory-assign-admin-roles#available-roles):
* Global Administrator
* Global Reader
* Privileged Authentication Administrator
* Authentication Administrator

## HTTP request

Get details of your own password authentication method.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/authentication/passwordMethods
```

Get details of your own or another user's password authentication method.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
``` http
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/passwordMethods
```

## Optional query parameters

This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [passwordAuthenticationMethod](../resources/passwordauthenticationmethod.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of the request.



# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_passwordmethods"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/authentication/passwordMethods
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-passwordmethods-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-passwordmethods-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-passwordmethods-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-passwordmethods-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-passwordmethods-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-passwordmethods-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.passwordAuthenticationMethod",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/$metadata#users('67273bfa-5cd8-477a-acf7-e13ff81ebf70')/authentication/passwordMethods",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "28c10230-6103-485e-b985-444c60001490",
            "password": null,
            "createdDateTime": null
        }
    ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List passwordMethods",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
