---
title: "Microsoft Graph Toolkit React components"
description: "The Microsoft Graph Toolkit React components (`mgt-react`) allow React developers to use the Microsoft Graph Toolkit in their React applications."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: sebastienlevert
---

# Microsoft Graph Toolkit React components

The Microsoft Graph Toolkit React components (`mgt-react`) allow React developers to use the Microsoft Graph Toolkit in their React applications. The library wraps all Microsoft Graph Toolkit components and exports them as React components. We also provide another React library (`mgt-chat`) to enable chat scenarios that aren't yet available as regular web components.

## What components can I use?

The `mgt-react` library is autogenerated from the Microsoft Graph Toolkit web components and all components are available as React components.

The names of the React components are in PascalCase and don't include the `Mgt` prefix. For example, the `mgt-person` component is available as `Person`, and the `mgt-people-picker` component is available as `PeoplePicker`.

In addition to the autogenerated components, the `mgt-chat` and `mgt-new-chat` components are delivered as part of a separate package (`mgt-chat`).

## Installation

To install, use the following command:

```bash
npm install @microsoft/mgt-react
```

To add `mgt-chat` to your application, use the following command:

```bash
npm install @microsoft/mgt-chat
```

## Usage

All components are available via their npm package and are named using PascalCase. To use a component, first import it at the top.

```ts
import { Person } from '@microsoft/mgt-react';
```

If you're using `mgt-chat`, import the components separately:

```ts
import { Chat } from '@microsoft/mgt-chat';
```

You can now use any of our components anywhere in your JSX as a regular React component.

```ts
// Using the Person component
<Person personQuery="me" />

// Using the Chat component
<Chat chatId="19:25fdc88d202440b78e9229773cbb1713@thread.v2" />
```

All properties and events map exactly as they're defined in the component documentation.

For example, you can set the `personDetails` property to an object:

```ts
const App = (props) => {
  const personDetails = {
    displayName: 'Bill Gates',
  };

  return <Person personDetails={personDetails}></Person>;
};
```

Or, register an event handler:

```ts
import { PeoplePicker, People } from '@microsoft/mgt-react';

const App = (props) => {
  const [people, setPeople] = useState([]);

  const handleSelectionChanged = (e) => {
    setPeople(e.target.selectedPeople);
  };

  return
    <div>
      <PeoplePicker selectionChanged={handleSelectionChanged} />
      Selected People: <People people={people} />
    </div>;
};
```

## Templates

Most Microsoft Graph Toolkit components [support templating](../customize-components/templates.md) and `mgt-react` allows you to use React to write templates. The chat components (`mgt-chat`) don't support custom templating.

For example, to create a template to be used for rendering events in the `mgt-agenda` component, first define a component to be used for rendering an event:

```tsx
import { MgtTemplateProps } from '@microsoft/mgt-react';

const MyEvent = (props: MgtTemplateProps) => {
  const { event } = props.dataContext;
  return <div>
    {event.subject}<br />
    {event.attendees
      .map((attendee: any) => attendee.emailAddress.name)
      .join(', ')}
  </div>;
};
```

Then use it as a child of the wrapped component and set the template properties to `event`.

```tsx
import { Agenda } from '@microsoft/mgt-react';

const App = (props) => {
  return <Agenda>
    <MyEvent template="event">
  </Agenda>
}
```

The `template` prop allows you to specify which template to overwrite. In this case, the `MyEvent` component is repeated for every event, and the `event` object is passed as part of the `dataContext` properties.

### Custom React Hooks

`mgt-react` provides custom react hooks that you can use in your application to track the state of your application.

#### useIsSignedIn

This hook does two things. First, using the React `useState` hook, it enables tracking the signed in state inside your component. Whenever the signed in state changes, React re-renders your component. Second, using the React `useEffect` hook, it extends the component's lifecycle by tracking changes in the Microsoft Graph Toolkit provider and updating the component if necessary.


```tsx
import { useIsSignedIn, Agenda } from '@microsoft/mgt-react';

const [isSignedIn] = useIsSignedIn();

const App = (props) => {
  return { isSignedIn && <Agenda></Agenda> }
}
```

## Related content

* [Get started with the Microsoft Graph Toolkit in React](./use-toolkit-with-react.md)
* [Learn about authentication providers](../providers/providers.md)
* [Disambiguation of Microsoft Graph Toolkit components](../customize-components/disambiguation.md)
