concepts/accessreviews-reviewers-concept.md, before:

---
title: "Assign reviewers to your access review using the Microsoft Graph API"
description: "Use the access reviews API in Microsoft Graph to assign access reviewers such as specific users, members or owners of a group, people managers, or app owners."
author: "FaithOmbongi"
ms.author: ombongifaith
ms.reviewer: jgangadhar
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: conceptualPageType
ms.date: 10/05/2022
---

# Assign reviewers to your access review using the Microsoft Graph API

The Azure AD [access reviews API](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewsv2-overview) allows you to programmatically review the access that users, service principals, or groups have to your Azure AD resources.

The primary reviewers are configured in the **reviewers** property of the access reviews [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition) resource.  In addition, you can specify fallback reviewers by using the **fallbackReviewers** property. These properties are not required when you create a self-review (where users review their own access).

To configure the reviewers and fallback reviewers, set the values of **query**, **queryRoot**, and **queryType** properties of **accessReviewReviewerScope**. For descriptions of these properties, see the [accessReviewReviewerScope](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewreviewerscope) resource type.

> [!NOTE]
> Review of Privileged Access Groups will only assign active owners as the reviewers. Eligible owners are not included. At least one fallback reviewer is required for a Privileged Access Groups review. If there are no active owners when the review begins, the fallback reviewers will be assigned to the review.

## Example 1: A self-review

```http
"reviewers": []
```

To configure a self-review, do not specify the **reviewers** property, or supply an empty object to the property.

If the corresponding access review **scope** targets B2B direct connect users and teams with shared channels, the team owner will be assigned to review access for the B2B direct connect users.

## Example 2: A specific user as the reviewer

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/users/{userId}",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

## Example 3: Members of a group as reviewers

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/groups/{groupId}/transitiveMembers",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

## Example 4: Group owners as reviewers

When the access review is scoped to a group, for example, [Example 1: Review all users assigned to a group](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-1-review-all-users-assigned-to-a-group), [Example 2: Review all guest users assigned to a group](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-2-review-all-guest-users-assigned-to-a-group), and [Example 3: Review all users and groups assigned to a group](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-3-review-all-users-and-groups-assigned-to-a-group).
```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/groups/{groupId}/owners",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

When the access review is scoped to a group and to assign only the group owners from a specific country as reviewers:

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/groups/{groupId}/owners?$filter=microsoft.graph.user/userType eq 'Member' and microsoft.graph.user/country eq 'USA'",
        "type": "MicrosoftGraph”
    }
]
```

When the access review is scoped to *all* groups, for example, [Example 4: Review all users assigned to all Microsoft 365 groups](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-4-review-all-users-assigned-to-all-microsoft-365-groups), [Example 5: Review all guest users assigned to all Microsoft 365 groups](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-5-review-all-guest-users-assigned-to-all-microsoft-365-groups), and [Example 6: Review all guest users assigned to all teams](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-6-review-all-guest-users-assigned-to-all-teams).

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "./owners",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```



## Example 5: People managers as reviewers

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "./manager",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph",
        "queryRoot": "decisions"
    }
]
```

Because `./manager` is a relative query, specify the **queryRoot** property with the value `decisions`.

If the corresponding access review **scope** targets B2B direct connect users and teams with shared channels, the team owner will be assigned to review access for the B2B direct connect users.

## Example 6: Application owners as reviewers

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/servicePrincipals/{servicePrincipalId}/owners",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

## Next steps

+ [Configure the scope of your access review definition](/graph/accessreviews-scope-concept)
+ [Try out tutorials](/graph/accessreviews-overview) to learn how to use the access reviews API to review access to Azure AD resources
+ [Create an access review](/azure/active-directory/governance/create-access-review)

Commit message:

Privileged Access Groups = PIM for groups
-------
cc: @FaithOmbongi

concepts/accessreviews-reviewers-concept.md, after:

---
title: "Assign reviewers to your access review using the Microsoft Graph API"
description: "Use the access reviews API in Microsoft Graph to assign access reviewers such as specific users, members or owners of a group, people managers, or app owners."
author: "FaithOmbongi"
ms.author: ombongifaith
ms.reviewer: jgangadhar
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: conceptualPageType
ms.date: 10/05/2022
---

# Assign reviewers to your access review using the Microsoft Graph API

The Azure AD [access reviews API](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewsv2-overview) allows you to programmatically review the access that users, service principals, or groups have to your Azure AD resources.

The primary reviewers are configured in the **reviewers** property of the access reviews [accessReviewScheduleDefinition](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewscheduledefinition) resource.  In addition, you can specify fallback reviewers by using the **fallbackReviewers** property. These properties are not required when you create a self-review (where users review their own access).

To configure the reviewers and fallback reviewers, set the values of **query**, **queryRoot**, and **queryType** properties of **accessReviewReviewerScope**. For descriptions of these properties, see the [accessReviewReviewerScope](/graph/api/resources/accessreviewreviewerscope) resource type.

> [!NOTE]
> Review of groups whose membership is governed through PIM for groups will only assign active owners as the reviewers. Eligible owners are not included. At least one fallback reviewer is required to review these groups. If there are no active owners when the review begins, the fallback reviewers will be assigned to the review.

## Example 1: A self-review

```http
"reviewers": []
```

To configure a self-review, do not specify the **reviewers** property, or supply an empty object to the property.

If the corresponding access review **scope** targets B2B direct connect users and teams with shared channels, the team owner will be assigned to review access for the B2B direct connect users.

## Example 2: A specific user as the reviewer

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/users/{userId}",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

## Example 3: Members of a group as reviewers

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/groups/{groupId}/transitiveMembers",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

## Example 4: Group owners as reviewers

When the access review is scoped to a group, for example, [Example 1: Review all users assigned to a group](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-1-review-all-users-assigned-to-a-group), [Example 2: Review all guest users assigned to a group](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-2-review-all-guest-users-assigned-to-a-group), and [Example 3: Review all users and groups assigned to a group](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-3-review-all-users-and-groups-assigned-to-a-group).
```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/groups/{groupId}/owners",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

When the access review is scoped to a group and to assign only the group owners from a specific country as reviewers:

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/groups/{groupId}/owners?$filter=microsoft.graph.user/userType eq 'Member' and microsoft.graph.user/country eq 'USA'",
        "type": "MicrosoftGraph”
    }
]
```

When the access review is scoped to *all* groups, for example, [Example 4: Review all users assigned to all Microsoft 365 groups](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-4-review-all-users-assigned-to-all-microsoft-365-groups), [Example 5: Review all guest users assigned to all Microsoft 365 groups](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-5-review-all-guest-users-assigned-to-all-microsoft-365-groups), and [Example 6: Review all guest users assigned to all teams](accessreviews-scope-concept.md#example-6-review-all-guest-users-assigned-to-all-teams).

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "./owners",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```



## Example 5: People managers as reviewers

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "./manager",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph",
        "queryRoot": "decisions"
    }
]
```

Because `./manager` is a relative query, specify the **queryRoot** property with the value `decisions`.

If the corresponding access review **scope** targets B2B direct connect users and teams with shared channels, the team owner will be assigned to review access for the B2B direct connect users.

## Example 6: Application owners as reviewers

```http
"reviewers": [
    {
        "query": "/servicePrincipals/{servicePrincipalId}/owners",
        "queryType": "MicrosoftGraph"
    }
]
```

## Next steps

+ [Configure the scope of your access review definition](/graph/accessreviews-scope-concept)
+ [Try out tutorials](/graph/accessreviews-overview) to learn how to use the access reviews API to review access to Azure AD resources
+ [Create an access review](/azure/active-directory/governance/create-access-review)
