api-reference/beta/resources/plannerplan.md, before:

---
title: "plannerPlan resource type"
description: "Represents a plan in Microsoft 365."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "TarkanSevilmis"
ms.prod: "planner"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# plannerPlan resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents a plan in Microsoft 365. A plan can be owned by a [group](group.md) and contains a collection of [plannerTasks](plannertask.md). It can also have a collection of [plannerBuckets](plannerbucket.md). Each plan object has a [details](plannerplandetails.md) object which can contain more information about the plan. For more information about the relationships between groups, plans, and tasks, see [Planner](planner-overview.md).

## Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get plannerPlan](../api/plannerplan-get.md) | [plannerPlan](plannerplan.md) |Read properties and relationships of **plannerPlan** object.|
|[List buckets](../api/plannerplan-list-buckets.md) |[plannerBucket](plannerbucket.md) collection| Get a **plannerBucket** object collection.|
|[List tasks](../api/plannerplan-list-tasks.md) |[plannerTask](plannertask.md) collection| Get a **plannerTask** object collection.|
|[Update](../api/plannerplan-update.md) | [plannerPlan](plannerplan.md)	|Update **plannerPlan** object. |
|[Delete](../api/plannerplan-delete.md) | None | Delete **plannerPlan** object. |

## Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|container|[plannerPlanContainer](../resources/plannerplancontainer.md)|Identifies the container of the plan. Specify only the **url**, the **containerId** and **type**, or all properties. After it is set, this property can’t be updated. Required.|
|contexts|[plannerPlanContextCollection](plannerplancontextcollection.md)| Read-only. Additional user experiences in which this plan is used, represented as [plannerPlanContext](plannerplancontext.md) entries.|
|createdBy|[identitySet](identityset.md)|Read-only. The user who created the plan.|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Read-only. Date and time at which the plan is created. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`|
|id|String| Read-only. ID of the plan. It is 28 characters long and case-sensitive. [Format validation](tasks-identifiers-disclaimer.md) is done on the service.|
|title|String|Required. Title of the plan.|
|creationSource|[plannerPlanCreation](plannerplancreation.md)|  Contains information about the origin of the plan.|
|owner (deprecated) |String| Use the **container** property instead. ID of the [group](group.md) that owns the plan. After it is set, this property can’t be updated. This property will not return a valid group ID if the container of the plan is not a group.|

## Relationships
| Relationship | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|buckets|[plannerBucket](plannerbucket.md) collection| Collection of buckets in the plan. Read-only. Nullable.|
|details|[plannerPlanDetails](plannerplandetails.md)| Additional details about the plan. Read-only. Nullable. |
|tasks|[plannerTask](plannertask.md) collection| Collection of tasks in the plan. Read-only. Nullable. |

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "baseType":"microsoft.graph.entity",  
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.plannerPlan"
}-->

```json
{
  "contexts": {
    "48#19%3Ad128c63941b24733951ea7defd81e550%40thread%2Eskype19%3Ad128c63941b24733951ea7defd81e550%40thread%2Eskype": {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.plannerPlanContext",
        "associationType": "Board",
        "createdDateTime": "2015-10-14T00:57:28.4698344Z",
        "displayNameSegments": [
            "Finance Team",
            "Budget Plans"
        ],
        "ownerAppId": "5e3ce6c0-2b1f-4285-8d4b-75ee78787346"
    }
  },
  "createdBy": {"@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.identitySet"},
  "creationSource": {"@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.plannerPlanCreation"},
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "container": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.plannerPlanContainer",
    "url": "String",
    "containerId": "String",
    "type": "String"
  },
  "title": "String"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "plannerPlan resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": []
}
-->

Commit message:

Add documentation for delta methods on plannerPlan, plannerBucket & plannerTask

api-reference/beta/resources/plannerplan.md, after:

---
title: "plannerPlan resource type"
description: "Represents a plan in Microsoft 365."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "TarkanSevilmis"
ms.prod: "planner"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# plannerPlan resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents a plan in Microsoft 365. A plan can be owned by a [group](group.md) and contains a collection of [plannerTasks](plannertask.md). It can also have a collection of [plannerBuckets](plannerbucket.md). Each plan object has a [details](plannerplandetails.md) object which can contain more information about the plan. For more information about the relationships between groups, plans, and tasks, see [Planner](planner-overview.md).

## Methods

| Method		   | Return Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|[Get plannerPlan](../api/plannerplan-get.md) | [plannerPlan](plannerplan.md) |Read properties and relationships of **plannerPlan** object.|
|[List buckets](../api/plannerplan-list-buckets.md) |[plannerBucket](plannerbucket.md) collection| Get a **plannerBucket** object collection.|
|[List tasks](../api/plannerplan-list-tasks.md) |[plannerTask](plannertask.md) collection| Get a **plannerTask** object collection.|
|[Update](../api/plannerplan-update.md) | [plannerPlan](plannerplan.md)	|Update **plannerPlan** object. |
|[Delete](../api/plannerplan-delete.md) | None | Delete **plannerPlan** object. |
|[delta](../api/plannerplan-delta.md) | [plannerPlan](../resources/plannerplan.md) collection | Get newly created, updated, or deleted **plannerPlan** objects in either a group or a **plannerRoster** type container without having to perform a full read of the entire resource collection. |

## Properties
| Property	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|container|[plannerPlanContainer](../resources/plannerplancontainer.md)|Identifies the container of the plan. Specify only the **url**, the **containerId** and **type**, or all properties. After it is set, this property can’t be updated. Required.|
|contexts|[plannerPlanContextCollection](plannerplancontextcollection.md)| Read-only. Additional user experiences in which this plan is used, represented as [plannerPlanContext](plannerplancontext.md) entries.|
|createdBy|[identitySet](identityset.md)|Read-only. The user who created the plan.|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Read-only. Date and time at which the plan is created. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`|
|id|String| Read-only. ID of the plan. It is 28 characters long and case-sensitive. [Format validation](tasks-identifiers-disclaimer.md) is done on the service.|
|title|String|Required. Title of the plan.|
|creationSource|[plannerPlanCreation](plannerplancreation.md)|  Contains information about the origin of the plan.|
|owner (deprecated) |String| Use the **container** property instead. ID of the [group](group.md) that owns the plan. After it is set, this property can’t be updated. This property will not return a valid group ID if the container of the plan is not a group.|

## Relationships
| Relationship | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|buckets|[plannerBucket](plannerbucket.md) collection| Collection of buckets in the plan. Read-only. Nullable.|
|details|[plannerPlanDetails](plannerplandetails.md)| Additional details about the plan. Read-only. Nullable. |
|tasks|[plannerTask](plannertask.md) collection| Collection of tasks in the plan. Read-only. Nullable. |

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "baseType":"microsoft.graph.entity",  
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.plannerPlan"
}-->

```json
{
  "contexts": {
    "48#19%3Ad128c63941b24733951ea7defd81e550%40thread%2Eskype19%3Ad128c63941b24733951ea7defd81e550%40thread%2Eskype": {
        "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.plannerPlanContext",
        "associationType": "Board",
        "createdDateTime": "2015-10-14T00:57:28.4698344Z",
        "displayNameSegments": [
            "Finance Team",
            "Budget Plans"
        ],
        "ownerAppId": "5e3ce6c0-2b1f-4285-8d4b-75ee78787346"
    }
  },
  "createdBy": {"@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.identitySet"},
  "creationSource": {"@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.plannerPlanCreation"},
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "container": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.plannerPlanContainer",
    "url": "String",
    "containerId": "String",
    "type": "String"
  },
  "title": "String"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "plannerPlan resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": []
}
-->
