api-reference/beta/resources/privilegedidentitymanagementv3-overview.md, before:

---
title: "Overview of role management through the privileged identity management (PIM) API"
description: "Privileged Identity Management (PIM) is a feature of Azure AD Identity Governance that enables you to manage, control, and monitor access to important resources in your organization."
author: "rkarim-ms"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
ms.date: 12/07/2022
---

# Overview of role management through the privileged identity management (PIM) API

Privileged Identity Management (PIM) is a feature of [Azure AD Identity Governance](#see-also) that enables you to manage, control, and monitor access to important resources in your organization. This access is enabled through privileged roles and role-based access control (RBAC) and can be granted to users, role-assignable groups, or service principals. The resources can be in Azure AD, Azure, and other Microsoft cloud services such as Microsoft 365 or Microsoft Intune.

The Microsoft Graph PIM API for role management allows you to govern privileged access and limit excessive access. This article introduces the governance capabilities of PIM APIs in Microsoft Graph.

> [!NOTE]
> To manage Azure resource roles use the [Azure Resource Manager (ARM) APIs for PIM](/rest/api/authorization/privileged-role-eligibility-rest-sample).

## PIM API for managing role assignments

PIM allows you to manage active role assignments by creating permanent assignments or temporary assignments. Use the [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest](unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest.md) resource type and its related methods to manage role assignments.

The following table lists scenarios for using PIM to manage role assignments and the APIs to call.

|Scenarios  |API  |
|---------|---------|
|An administrator creates and assigns to a principal a permanent role assignment  <br/> An administrator assigns to a principal a temporary role   |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator renews, updates, extends, or removes role assignments     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries all role assignments and their details     |   [List roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-list-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries a role assignment and its details     |   [Get unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest](../api/unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest-get.md)      |
|A principal queries their role assignments and the details     |  [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest: filterByCurrentUser](../api/unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)       |
|A principal performs just-in-time and time-bound activation of their *eligible* role assignment     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|A principal cancels a role assignment request they created     |   [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest: cancel](../api/unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest-cancel.md)      |
|A principal that has activated their eligible role assignment deactivates it when they no longer need access     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|A principal deactivates, extends, or renews their own role assignment.     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |

## PIM API for managing role eligibilities

Your principals may not require permanent role assignments because they may not require the privileges granted through the privileged role all the time. In this case, PIM also allows you to create role eligibilities and assign them to the principals. With role eligibilities, the principal activates the role when they need to perform privileged tasks. The activation is always time-bound for a maximum of 8 hours. The role eligibility can also be a permanent eligibility or a temporary eligibility.

Use the [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest](unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest.md) resource type and its related methods to manage role eligibilities.

The following table lists scenarios for using PIM to manage role eligibilities and the APIs to call.

|Scenarios  |API  |
|---------|---------|
|An administrator creates and assigns to a principal an eligible role  <br/> An administrator assigns a temporary role eligibility to a principal   |   [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator renews, updates, extends, or removes role eligibilities     |   [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries all role eligibilities and their details     |   [List roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-list-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries a role eligibility and its details     |   [Get unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest-get.md)      |
|An administrator cancels a role eligibility request they created     |   [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest: cancel](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest-cancel.md)      |
|A principal queries their role eligibilities and the details     |  [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest: filterByCurrentUser](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)       |
|A principal deactivates, extends, or renews their own role eligibility.     |   [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |


## Role settings and PIM

Each Azure AD role defines settings or rules. Such rules include whether multifactor authentication (MFA), justification, or approval is required to activate an eligible role, or whether you can create permanent assignments or eligibilities for principals to the role. These role-specific rules will determine the settings you can apply while creating or managing role assignments and eligibilities through PIM.

In Microsoft Graph, these rules are managed through the [unifiedRoleManagementPolicy](unifiedrolemanagementpolicy.md) and the [unifiedRoleManagementPolicyAssignment](unifiedrolemanagementpolicyassignment.md) resource types and their related methods.

For example, assume that by default, a role doesn't allow permanent active assignments and defines a maximum of 15 days for active assignments. Attempting to create a [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest](unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest.md) object without expiry date will return a `400 Bad Request` response code for violation of the expiration rule.

PIM allows you to configure various rules including the following:

+ Whether principals can be assigned permanent eligible assignments
+ The maximum duration allowed for a role activation and whether justification or approval is required to activate eligible roles
+ The users who are allowed to approve activation requests for an Azure AD role
+ Whether MFA is required to both activate and enforce a role assignment
+ The principals who get notified of role activations

The following table lists scenarios for using PIM to manage Azure AD rules and the APIs to call.

| Scenarios                                                                                                                                 | API                                                                                                      |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Retrieve role management policies and associated rules or settings                                                                        | [List unifiedRoleManagementPolicies](../api/policyroot-list-rolemanagementpolicies.md)                   |
| Retrieve a role management policy and its associated rules or settings                                                                    | [Get unifiedRoleManagementPolicy](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicy-get.md)                             |
| Retrieve the rules defined for role management policy                                                                                     | [List rules](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicy-list-rules.md)                                           |
| Retrieve a rule defined for a role management policy                                                                                      | [Get unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule-get.md)                     |
| Update a rule defined for a role management policy                                                                                        | [Update unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule-update.md)                  |
| Get the details of all role management policy assignments including the policies and rules or settings associated with the Azure AD roles | [List unifiedRoleManagementPolicyAssignments](../api/policyroot-list-rolemanagementpolicyassignments.md) |
| Get the details of a role management policy assignment including the policy and rules or settings associated with the Azure AD role       | [Get unifiedRoleManagementPolicyAssignment](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyassignment-get.md)         |

For more information about using Microsoft Graph to configure rules, see [Overview of rules for Azure AD roles in PIM APIs in Microsoft Graph](/graph/identity-governance-pim-rules-overview). For examples of updating rules, see [Use PIM APIs in Microsoft Graph to update Azure AD rules](/graph/how-to-pim-update-rules).

## PIM and identity security with Zero Trust

PIM APIs support organizations to adopt a Zero Trust approach to secure the identities in their organization. For more information about Zero Trust, see [Securing identity with Zero Trust](/security/zero-trust/deploy/identity#secure-privileged-access-with-privileged-identity-management).

## Permissions and privileges

To call the [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md) and [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md) APIs with admin actions, the calling app must:
+ Have a *Global Administrator* or *Privileged Role Administrator* role
+ Be granted one of the following permissions:
  + RoleAssignmentSchedule.ReadWrite.Directory
  + RoleEligibilitySchedule.ReadWrite.Directory
  + RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory

The app must also be assigned the appropriate permissions to retrieve their role assignments and eligibilities, or call the [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md) and [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md) APIs with user actions.

For more information about permissions to call PIM APIs, see the [Microsoft Graph permissions reference: Role management permissions](/graph/permissions-reference#role-management-permissions).

## Licensing

The PIM API requires an Azure AD Premium P2 license. For more information, see [License requirements to use Privileged Identity Management](/azure/active-directory/privileged-identity-management/subscription-requirements).

## See also

+ [What is Azure AD Identity Governance?](/azure/active-directory/governance/identity-governance-overview)
+ [What is Azure AD Privileged Identity Management?](/azure/active-directory/privileged-identity-management/pim-configure)
+ [Tutorial: Use the Privileged Identity Management (PIM) API to assign Azure AD roles](/graph/tutorial-assign-azureadroles)
+ You can also set up access reviews of role assignments and eligibilities that are managed through PIM. For more information, see [Tutorial: Use the Privileged Identity Management (PIM) API to assign Azure AD roles](/graph/tutorial-assign-azureadroles).

Commit message:

Add PIM alerts to PIM Overview

api-reference/beta/resources/privilegedidentitymanagementv3-overview.md, after:

---
title: "Use the PIM API to manage Azure AD role assignments"
description: "Privileged Identity Management (PIM) is a feature of Azure AD Identity Governance that enables you to manage, control, and monitor access to important resources in your organization."
author: "rkarim-ms"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "governance"
doc_type: resourcePageType
ms.date: 03/13/2023
---

# Use the PIM API to manage Azure AD role assignments

Privileged Identity Management (PIM) is a feature of [Azure AD Identity Governance](#see-also) that enables you to manage, control, and monitor access to important resources in your organization. This access is enabled through privileged roles and role-based access control (RBAC) and can be granted to users, role-assignable groups, or service principals. The resources can be in Azure Active Directory (Azure AD), Azure, and other Microsoft cloud services such as Microsoft 365 or Microsoft Intune.

The Microsoft Graph PIM API for role management allows you to govern privileged access and limit excessive access. This article introduces the governance capabilities of PIM APIs in Microsoft Graph.

> [!NOTE]
> To manage Azure resource roles use the [Azure Resource Manager (ARM) APIs for PIM](/rest/api/authorization/privileged-role-eligibility-rest-sample).

## PIM API for managing role assignments

PIM allows you to manage active role assignments by creating permanent assignments or temporary assignments. Use the [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest](unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest.md) resource type and its related methods to manage role assignments.

The following table lists scenarios for using PIM to manage role assignments and the APIs to call.

|Scenarios  |API  |
|---------|---------|
|An administrator creates and assigns to a principal a permanent role assignment  <br/> An administrator assigns to a principal a temporary role   |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator renews, updates, extends, or removes role assignments     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries all role assignments and their details     |   [List roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-list-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries a role assignment and its details     |   [Get unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest](../api/unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest-get.md)      |
|A principal queries their role assignments and the details     |  [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest: filterByCurrentUser](../api/unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)       |
|A principal performs just-in-time and time-bound activation of their *eligible* role assignment     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|A principal cancels a role assignment request they created     |   [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest: cancel](../api/unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest-cancel.md)      |
|A principal that has activated their eligible role assignment deactivates it when they no longer need access     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |
|A principal deactivates, extends, or renews their own role assignment.     |   [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md)      |

## PIM API for managing role eligibilities

Your principals may not require permanent role assignments because they may not require the privileges granted through the privileged role all the time. In this case, PIM also allows you to create role eligibilities and assign them to the principals. With role eligibilities, the principal activates the role when they need to perform privileged tasks. The activation is always time-bound for a maximum of 8 hours. The role eligibility can also be a permanent eligibility or a temporary eligibility.

Use the [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest](unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest.md) resource type and its related methods to manage role eligibilities.

The following table lists scenarios for using PIM to manage role eligibilities and the APIs to call.

|Scenarios  |API  |
|---------|---------|
|An administrator creates and assigns to a principal an eligible role  <br/> An administrator assigns a temporary role eligibility to a principal   |   [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator renews, updates, extends, or removes role eligibilities     |   [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries all role eligibilities and their details     |   [List roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-list-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |
|An administrator queries a role eligibility and its details     |   [Get unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest-get.md)      |
|An administrator cancels a role eligibility request they created     |   [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest: cancel](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest-cancel.md)      |
|A principal queries their role eligibilities and the details     |  [unifiedRoleEligibilityScheduleRequest: filterByCurrentUser](../api/unifiedroleeligibilityschedulerequest-filterbycurrentuser.md)       |
|A principal deactivates, extends, or renews their own role eligibility.     |   [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md)      |


## Role settings and PIM

Each Azure AD role defines settings or rules. Such rules include whether multifactor authentication (MFA), justification, or approval is required to activate an eligible role, or whether you can create permanent assignments or eligibilities for principals to the role. These role-specific rules will determine the settings you can apply while creating or managing role assignments and eligibilities through PIM.

In Microsoft Graph, these rules are managed through the [unifiedRoleManagementPolicy](unifiedrolemanagementpolicy.md) and the [unifiedRoleManagementPolicyAssignment](unifiedrolemanagementpolicyassignment.md) resource types and their related methods.

For example, assume that by default, a role doesn't allow permanent active assignments and defines a maximum of 15 days for active assignments. Attempting to create a [unifiedRoleAssignmentScheduleRequest](unifiedroleassignmentschedulerequest.md) object without expiry date will return a `400 Bad Request` response code for violation of the expiration rule.

PIM allows you to configure various rules including the following:

+ Whether principals can be assigned permanent eligible assignments
+ The maximum duration allowed for a role activation and whether justification or approval is required to activate eligible roles
+ The users who are allowed to approve activation requests for an Azure AD role
+ Whether MFA is required to both activate and enforce a role assignment
+ The principals who get notified of role activations

The following table lists scenarios for using PIM to manage Azure AD rules and the APIs to call.

| Scenarios                                                                                                                                 | API                                                                                                      |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Retrieve role management policies and associated rules or settings                                                                        | [List unifiedRoleManagementPolicies](../api/policyroot-list-rolemanagementpolicies.md)                   |
| Retrieve a role management policy and its associated rules or settings                                                                    | [Get unifiedRoleManagementPolicy](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicy-get.md)                             |
| Retrieve the rules defined for role management policy                                                                                     | [List rules](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicy-list-rules.md)                                           |
| Retrieve a rule defined for a role management policy                                                                                      | [Get unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule-get.md)                     |
| Update a rule defined for a role management policy                                                                                        | [Update unifiedRoleManagementPolicyRule](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyrule-update.md)                  |
| Get the details of all role management policy assignments including the policies and rules or settings associated with the Azure AD roles | [List unifiedRoleManagementPolicyAssignments](../api/policyroot-list-rolemanagementpolicyassignments.md) |
| Get the details of a role management policy assignment including the policy and rules or settings associated with the Azure AD role       | [Get unifiedRoleManagementPolicyAssignment](../api/unifiedrolemanagementpolicyassignment-get.md)         |

For more information about using Microsoft Graph to configure rules, see [Overview of rules for Azure AD roles in PIM APIs in Microsoft Graph](/graph/identity-governance-pim-rules-overview). For examples of updating rules, see [Use PIM APIs in Microsoft Graph to update Azure AD rules](/graph/how-to-pim-update-rules).

## Get security alerts for Azure AD roles

PIM for Azure AD roles generates alerts when it detects suspicious or unsafe settings for Azure AD roles in your tenant.

## PIM and identity security with Zero Trust

PIM APIs support organizations to adopt a Zero Trust approach to secure the identities in their organization. For more information about Zero Trust, see [Securing identity with Zero Trust](/security/zero-trust/deploy/identity#secure-privileged-access-with-privileged-identity-management).

## Permissions and privileges

To call the [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md) and [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md) APIs with admin actions, the calling app must:
+ Have a *Global Administrator* or *Privileged Role Administrator* role
+ Be granted one of the following permissions:
  + RoleAssignmentSchedule.ReadWrite.Directory
  + RoleEligibilitySchedule.ReadWrite.Directory
  + RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory

The app must also be assigned the appropriate permissions to retrieve their role assignments and eligibilities, or call the [Create roleAssignmentScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleassignmentschedulerequests.md) and [Create roleEligibilityScheduleRequests](../api/rbacapplication-post-roleeligibilityschedulerequests.md) APIs with user actions.

For more information about permissions to call PIM APIs, see the [Microsoft Graph permissions reference: Role management permissions](/graph/permissions-reference#role-management-permissions).

## Licensing

The PIM API requires an Azure AD Premium P2 license. For more information, see [License requirements to use Privileged Identity Management](/azure/active-directory/privileged-identity-management/subscription-requirements).

## See also

+ [What is Azure AD Identity Governance?](/azure/active-directory/governance/identity-governance-overview)
+ [What is Azure AD Privileged Identity Management?](/azure/active-directory/privileged-identity-management/pim-configure)
+ [Tutorial: Use the Privileged Identity Management (PIM) API to assign Azure AD roles](/graph/tutorial-assign-azureadroles)
+ You can also set up access reviews of role assignments and eligibilities that are managed through PIM. For more information, see [Tutorial: Use the Privileged Identity Management (PIM) API to assign Azure AD roles](/graph/tutorial-assign-azureadroles).
