api-reference/beta/resources/security-articleindicator.md, before:

---
title: "articleIndicator resource type"
description: "Represents a resource that communicates indicators of threat or compromise related to the contents of an article."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# articleIndicator resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents a resource that communicates indicators of threat or compromise related to the contents of an [article](../resources/security-article.md).

The relationship from an **articleIndicator** to an [artifact](../resources/security-artifact.md) provides the means for Microsoft Threat Intelligence API users to further evaluate details about reported indicator.

Inherits from [microsoft.graph.security.indicator](../resources/security-indicator.md).

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get articleIndicator](../api/security-articleindicator-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator](../resources/security-articleindicator.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator](../resources/security-articleindicator.md) object.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The system-generated ID for the **articleIndicator**.|
|source|microsoft.graph.security.indicatorSource|Communicates where this **articleIndicator** originated. The possible values are: `microsoftDefenderThreatIntelligence`, `openSourceIntelligence`, `public`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

## Relationships

|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|artifact|[microsoft.graph.security.artifact](../resources/security-artifact.md)|This relationship |

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator",
  "baseType": "microsoft.graph.security.indicator",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "source": "String"
}
```

Commit message:

Addressing feedback on resources files from PR

api-reference/beta/resources/security-articleindicator.md, after:

---
title: "articleIndicator resource type"
description: "Represents a resource that communicates indicators of threat or compromise related to the contents of an article."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# articleIndicator resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents a resource that communicates indicators of threat or compromise related to the contents of an [article](../resources/security-article.md).

The relationship from an **articleIndicator** to an [artifact](../resources/security-artifact.md) provides the means for Microsoft Threat Intelligence API users to further evaluate details about reported indicator.

Inherits from [microsoft.graph.security.indicator](../resources/security-indicator.md).

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get articleIndicator](../api/security-articleindicator-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator](../resources/security-articleindicator.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator](../resources/security-articleindicator.md) object.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The system-generated ID for the **articleIndicator**.|
|source|microsoft.graph.security.indicatorSource|Communicates where this **articleIndicator** originated. The possible values are: `microsoftDefenderThreatIntelligence`, `openSourceIntelligence`, `public`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

## Relationships

|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|artifact|[microsoft.graph.security.artifact](../resources/security-artifact.md)|The [artifact](../resources/security-artifact.md) that is reported in this `articleIndicator`. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.indicator](../resources/security-indicator.md). |

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator",
  "baseType": "microsoft.graph.security.indicator",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.articleIndicator",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "source": "String"
}
```
