api-reference/beta/resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md, before:

---
title: "vulnerabilityComponent resource type"
description: "Represents a component identified in relation to a known vulnerability."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# vulnerabilityComponent resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents a component identified in relation to a known [vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md).

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get vulnerabilityComponent](../api/security-vulnerabilitycomponent-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md) object.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The system-generated ID for this vulnerability component.|
|name|String|The name of this vulnerability component.|

## Relationships

None.

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "name": "String"
}
```

Commit message:

Add notice about required license to ThreatIntelligence APIs

api-reference/beta/resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md, after:

---
title: "vulnerabilityComponent resource type"
description: "Represents a component identified in relation to a known vulnerability."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# vulnerabilityComponent resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **Note:** The Microsoft Graph API for Threat Intelligence requires an [active Defender Threat Intelligence Portal license and API add-on license](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2235706) for the tenant.

Represents a component identified in relation to a known [vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md).

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get vulnerabilityComponent](../api/security-vulnerabilitycomponent-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md) object.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|id|String|The system-generated ID for this vulnerability component.|
|name|String|The name of this vulnerability component.|

## Relationships

None.

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "name": "String"
}
```
