api-reference/beta/resources/security-hostreputation.md, before:

---
title: "hostReputation resource type"
description: "Represents the reputation of a host based on a series of rules."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# hostReputation resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents the reputation of a host based on a series of rules. This score helps users quickly understand any detected ties to malicious or suspicious infrastructure when validating the reputation of a known or unknown entity. The platform provides quick information about the activity of these entities (such as first and last seen timestamps or [autonomous system](../resources/security-autonomoussystem.md) details) and a list of rules that affect the reputation score when applicable.

Reputation data is important to understanding the trustworthiness of an attack surface and is also useful when assessing unknown [hostnames](../resources/security-hostname.md) or [IP addresses](../resources/security-ipaddress.md) that appear in investigations. These scores uncover any prior malicious or suspicious activity that affected the entity, or other known indicators of compromise to consider.

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get hostReputation](../api/security-host-get-reputation.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md) object, for a given [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|classification|microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationClassification|The calculated reputation of the host. The possible values are: `unknown`, `neutral`, `suspicious`, `malicious`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|id|String|A system-generated ID for this **hostReputation**.|
|rules|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule](../resources/security-hostreputationrule.md) collection|A collection of rules that have been used to calculate the classification and score.|
|score|Int32|The calculated score (0-100) of the requested host. A higher value indicates that this [host](../resources/security-host.md) is more likely to be suspicious or malicious.|

## Relationships

None.

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation",
  "classification": "String",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "rules": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule"
    }
  ],
  "score": "Int32"
}
```

Commit message:

Add notice about required license to ThreatIntelligence APIs

api-reference/beta/resources/security-hostreputation.md, after:

---
title: "hostReputation resource type"
description: "Represents the reputation of a host based on a series of rules."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# hostReputation resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **Note:** The Microsoft Graph API for Threat Intelligence requires an [active Defender Threat Intelligence Portal license and API add-on license](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2235706) for the tenant.

Represents the reputation of a host based on a series of rules. This score helps users quickly understand any detected ties to malicious or suspicious infrastructure when validating the reputation of a known or unknown entity. The platform provides quick information about the activity of these entities (such as first and last seen timestamps or [autonomous system](../resources/security-autonomoussystem.md) details) and a list of rules that affect the reputation score when applicable.

Reputation data is important to understanding the trustworthiness of an attack surface and is also useful when assessing unknown [hostnames](../resources/security-hostname.md) or [IP addresses](../resources/security-ipaddress.md) that appear in investigations. These scores uncover any prior malicious or suspicious activity that affected the entity, or other known indicators of compromise to consider.

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get hostReputation](../api/security-host-get-reputation.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md) object, for a given [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|classification|microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationClassification|The calculated reputation of the host. The possible values are: `unknown`, `neutral`, `suspicious`, `malicious`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|id|String|A system-generated ID for this **hostReputation**.|
|rules|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule](../resources/security-hostreputationrule.md) collection|A collection of rules that have been used to calculate the classification and score.|
|score|Int32|The calculated score (0-100) of the requested host. A higher value indicates that this [host](../resources/security-host.md) is more likely to be suspicious or malicious.|

## Relationships

None.

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation",
  "classification": "String",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "rules": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule"
    }
  ],
  "score": "Int32"
}
```
