api-reference/beta/resources/security-hostreputationrule.md, before:

---
title: "hostReputationRule resource type"
description: "Represents a rule that is used (in combination with other rules) to determine the reputation of a hostname or IP address."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# hostReputationRule resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents a rule that is used (in combination with other rules) to determine the reputation of a [hostname](../resources/security-hostname.md) or [IP address](../resources/security-ipaddress.md). Each **hostReputationRule** only applies within the parent [hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md).

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|description|String|The description of the rule that gives more context.|
|relatedDetailsUrl|String| Link to a web page with details related to this rule.|
|name|String|The name of the rule.|
|severity|microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRuleSeverity|Indicates the severity that this rule has against the reputation score. The possible values are: `unknown`, `low`, `medium`, `high`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

## Relationships

None.

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule"
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule",
  "description": "String",
  "name": "String",
  "relatedDetailsUrl": "String",
  "severity": "String"
}
```

Commit message:

Add notice about required license to ThreatIntelligence APIs

api-reference/beta/resources/security-hostreputationrule.md, after:

---
title: "hostReputationRule resource type"
description: "Represents a rule that is used (in combination with other rules) to determine the reputation of a hostname or IP address."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# hostReputationRule resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **Note:** The Microsoft Graph API for Threat Intelligence requires an [active Defender Threat Intelligence Portal license and API add-on license](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2235706) for the tenant.

Represents a rule that is used (in combination with other rules) to determine the reputation of a [hostname](../resources/security-hostname.md) or [IP address](../resources/security-ipaddress.md). Each **hostReputationRule** only applies within the parent [hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md).

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|description|String|The description of the rule that gives more context.|
|relatedDetailsUrl|String| Link to a web page with details related to this rule.|
|name|String|The name of the rule.|
|severity|microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRuleSeverity|Indicates the severity that this rule has against the reputation score. The possible values are: `unknown`, `low`, `medium`, `high`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

## Relationships

None.

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule"
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.hostReputationRule",
  "description": "String",
  "name": "String",
  "relatedDetailsUrl": "String",
  "severity": "String"
}
```
