api-reference/beta/resources/security-hostname.md, before:

---
title: "hostname resource type"
description: "Represents a named host that is (or has been) addressable over the internet"
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# hostname resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Represents a named host that is (or has been) addressable over the internet. This entity acts as a grouping mechanism for related details about the host, such as the reputation, any related trackers or cookies, and so on.

You cannot retrieve this type directly. To access it, retrieve the [host](../resources/security-host.md) resource.

Inherits from [host](../resources/security-host.md).

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List components](../api/security-host-list-components.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostComponent](../resources/security-hostcomponent.md) collection|Get a list of **hostComponent** resources.|
|[List cookies](../api/security-host-list-cookies.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostCookie](../resources/security-hostcookie.md) collection|Get a list of **hostCookie** resources.|
|[List passiveDns](../api/security-host-list-passivedns.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection|Get a list of **passiveDnsRecord** resources.|
|[List passiveDnsReverse](../api/security-host-list-passivednsreverse.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection|Get a list of **passiveDnsRecord** resources.|
|[Get reputation](../api/security-host-get-reputation.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md) |Get the properties and relationships of a **hostReputation** object.|
|[List trackers](../api/security-host-list-trackers.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostTracker](../resources/security-hosttracker.md) collection|Get a list of **hostTracker** resources.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|firstSeenDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The first date and time that this [host](../resources/security-host.md) was observed. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|id|String| Unique identifier for the **hostname**. Read-only. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.artifact](../resources/security-artifact.md).|
|lastSeenDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The most recent date and time that this [host](../resources/security-host.md) was observed. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|registrant|String|The company or individual who registered this hostname, from WHOIS data.|
|registrar|String|The registrar for this hostname, from WHOIS data. |

## Relationships

|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|components|[microsoft.graph.security.hostComponent](../resources/security-hostcomponent.md) collection|The **hostComponents** that are associated with this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|cookies|[microsoft.graph.security.hostCookie](../resources/security-hostcookie.md) collection|The **hostCookies** that are associated with this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|passiveDns|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection|Passive DNS retrieval about this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|passiveDnsReverse|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection| Reverse passive DNS retrieval about this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|reputation|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md)|Represents a calculated reputation of this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|trackers|[microsoft.graph.security.hostTracker](../resources/security-hosttracker.md) collection|The **hostTrackers** that are associated with this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostname",
  "baseType": "microsoft.graph.security.host",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.hostname",
  "firstSeenDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "lastSeenDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "registrar": "String",
  "registrant": "String"
}
```

Commit message:

Add notice about required license to ThreatIntelligence APIs

api-reference/beta/resources/security-hostname.md, after:

---
title: "hostname resource type"
description: "Represents a named host that is (or has been) addressable over the internet"
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# hostname resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **Note:** The Microsoft Graph API for Threat Intelligence requires an [active Defender Threat Intelligence Portal license and API add-on license](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2235706) for the tenant.

Represents a named host that is (or has been) addressable over the internet. This entity acts as a grouping mechanism for related details about the host, such as the reputation, any related trackers or cookies, and so on.

You cannot retrieve this type directly. To access it, retrieve the [host](../resources/security-host.md) resource.

Inherits from [host](../resources/security-host.md).

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List components](../api/security-host-list-components.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostComponent](../resources/security-hostcomponent.md) collection|Get a list of **hostComponent** resources.|
|[List cookies](../api/security-host-list-cookies.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostCookie](../resources/security-hostcookie.md) collection|Get a list of **hostCookie** resources.|
|[List passiveDns](../api/security-host-list-passivedns.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection|Get a list of **passiveDnsRecord** resources.|
|[List passiveDnsReverse](../api/security-host-list-passivednsreverse.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection|Get a list of **passiveDnsRecord** resources.|
|[Get reputation](../api/security-host-get-reputation.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md) |Get the properties and relationships of a **hostReputation** object.|
|[List trackers](../api/security-host-list-trackers.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.hostTracker](../resources/security-hosttracker.md) collection|Get a list of **hostTracker** resources.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|firstSeenDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The first date and time that this [host](../resources/security-host.md) was observed. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|id|String| Unique identifier for the **hostname**. Read-only. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.artifact](../resources/security-artifact.md).|
|lastSeenDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The most recent date and time that this [host](../resources/security-host.md) was observed. The Timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 is `2014-01-01T00:00:00Z`. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|registrant|String|The company or individual who registered this hostname, from WHOIS data.|
|registrar|String|The registrar for this hostname, from WHOIS data. |

## Relationships

|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|components|[microsoft.graph.security.hostComponent](../resources/security-hostcomponent.md) collection|The **hostComponents** that are associated with this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|cookies|[microsoft.graph.security.hostCookie](../resources/security-hostcookie.md) collection|The **hostCookies** that are associated with this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|passiveDns|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection|Passive DNS retrieval about this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|passiveDnsReverse|[microsoft.graph.security.passiveDnsRecord](../resources/security-passivednsrecord.md) collection| Reverse passive DNS retrieval about this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|reputation|[microsoft.graph.security.hostReputation](../resources/security-hostreputation.md)|Represents a calculated reputation of this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|
|trackers|[microsoft.graph.security.hostTracker](../resources/security-hosttracker.md) collection|The **hostTrackers** that are associated with this host. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.security.host](../resources/security-host.md).|

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hostname",
  "baseType": "microsoft.graph.security.host",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.hostname",
  "firstSeenDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "lastSeenDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "registrar": "String",
  "registrant": "String"
}
```
