api-reference/beta/resources/security-vulnerability.md, before:

---
title: "vulnerability resource type"
description: "Provides key context behind vulnerabilities of interest."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# vulnerability resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Provides key context behind vulnerabilities of interest. Each article contains a description of the vulnerability, a list of affected components, tailored mitigation procedures and strategies, related intelligence articles, references in deep and dark web chatter, and other key observations. These articles provide deeper context and actionable insights behind each vulnerability, enabling users to more quickly understand these vulnerabilities and quickly mitigate them.

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get vulnerability](../api/security-vulnerability-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md) object.|
|[List components](../api/security-vulnerability-list-components.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md) collection|Get a list of **vulnerabilityComponent** resources.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|activeExploitsObserved|Boolean|Indicates whether this vulnerability has any known exploits associated to known bad actors.|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when this vulnerability article was first created.|
|cvss2Summary|[microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary](../resources/security-cvsssummary.md)|A summary of the common vulnerability scoring system (v2) findings about this vulnerability.|
|cvss3Summary|[microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary](../resources/security-cvsssummary.md)|A summary of the common vulnerability scoring system (v3) findings about this vulnerability.|
|commonWeaknessEnumerationIds|String collection|Community-defined common weakness enumerations (CWE).|
|description|[microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent](../resources/security-formattedcontent.md)|The vulnerability article contents, describing the vulnerability.|
|exploits|[microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink](../resources/security-hyperlink.md) collection|Known exploits for this vulnerability.|
|exploitsAvailable|Boolean|Indicates whether this vulnerability has exploits in public sources (such as Packetstorm or Exploit-DB) online.|
|hasChatter|Boolean|Indicates whether chatter about this vulnerability has been discovered online.|
|id|String|A system-generated ID for the **vulnerability**.|
|lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when this vulnerability article was most recently updated.|
|priorityScore|Int32|A unique algorithm that reflects the priority of a vulnerability based on the CVSS score, exploits, chatter, and linkage to malware. This property also evaluates the recency of these components so users can understand which vulnerability should be remediated first.|
|publishedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when this vulnerability article was published.|
|references|[microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink](../resources/security-hyperlink.md) collection|Reference links where further information can be learned about this vulnerability.|
|remediation|[microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent](../resources/security-formattedcontent.md)|Any known remediation steps.|
|severity|microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilitySeverity|Indicates the severity of this vulnerability. The possible values are: `none`, `low`, `medium`, `high`, `critical`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

## Relationships

|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|articles|[microsoft.graph.security.article](../resources/security-article.md) collection|Articles related to this **vulnerability**.|
|components|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md) collection|Components related to this vulnerability article.|

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability",
  "activeExploitsObserved": "Boolean",
  "commonWeaknessEnumerationIds": [
    "String"
  ],
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "cvss2Summary": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary"
  },
  "cvss3Summary": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary"
  },
  "description": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent"
  },
  "exploitsAvailable": "Boolean",
  "exploits": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink"
    }
  ],
  "hasChatter": "Boolean",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "priorityScore": "Int32",
  "publishedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "references": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink"
    }
  ],
  "remediation": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent"
  },
  "severity": "String"
}
```

Commit message:

Add notice about required license to ThreatIntelligence APIs

api-reference/beta/resources/security-vulnerability.md, after:

---
title: "vulnerability resource type"
description: "Provides key context behind vulnerabilities of interest."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# vulnerability resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **Note:** The Microsoft Graph API for Threat Intelligence requires an [active Defender Threat Intelligence Portal license and API add-on license](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2235706) for the tenant.

Provides key context behind vulnerabilities of interest. Each article contains a description of the vulnerability, a list of affected components, tailored mitigation procedures and strategies, related intelligence articles, references in deep and dark web chatter, and other key observations. These articles provide deeper context and actionable insights behind each vulnerability, enabling users to more quickly understand these vulnerabilities and quickly mitigate them.

## Methods

|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[Get vulnerability](../api/security-vulnerability-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md) object.|
|[List components](../api/security-vulnerability-list-components.md)|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md) collection|Get a list of **vulnerabilityComponent** resources.|

## Properties

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|activeExploitsObserved|Boolean|Indicates whether this vulnerability has any known exploits associated to known bad actors.|
|createdDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when this vulnerability article was first created.|
|cvss2Summary|[microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary](../resources/security-cvsssummary.md)|A summary of the common vulnerability scoring system (v2) findings about this vulnerability.|
|cvss3Summary|[microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary](../resources/security-cvsssummary.md)|A summary of the common vulnerability scoring system (v3) findings about this vulnerability.|
|commonWeaknessEnumerationIds|String collection|Community-defined common weakness enumerations (CWE).|
|description|[microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent](../resources/security-formattedcontent.md)|The vulnerability article contents, describing the vulnerability.|
|exploits|[microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink](../resources/security-hyperlink.md) collection|Known exploits for this vulnerability.|
|exploitsAvailable|Boolean|Indicates whether this vulnerability has exploits in public sources (such as Packetstorm or Exploit-DB) online.|
|hasChatter|Boolean|Indicates whether chatter about this vulnerability has been discovered online.|
|id|String|A system-generated ID for the **vulnerability**.|
|lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when this vulnerability article was most recently updated.|
|priorityScore|Int32|A unique algorithm that reflects the priority of a vulnerability based on the CVSS score, exploits, chatter, and linkage to malware. This property also evaluates the recency of these components so users can understand which vulnerability should be remediated first.|
|publishedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|The date and time when this vulnerability article was published.|
|references|[microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink](../resources/security-hyperlink.md) collection|Reference links where further information can be learned about this vulnerability.|
|remediation|[microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent](../resources/security-formattedcontent.md)|Any known remediation steps.|
|severity|microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilitySeverity|Indicates the severity of this vulnerability. The possible values are: `none`, `low`, `medium`, `high`, `critical`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

## Relationships

|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|articles|[microsoft.graph.security.article](../resources/security-article.md) collection|Articles related to this **vulnerability**.|
|components|[microsoft.graph.security.vulnerabilityComponent](../resources/security-vulnerabilitycomponent.md) collection|Components related to this vulnerability article.|

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "keyProperty": "id",
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability",
  "openType": false
}
-->
``` json
{
  "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability",
  "activeExploitsObserved": "Boolean",
  "commonWeaknessEnumerationIds": [
    "String"
  ],
  "createdDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "cvss2Summary": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary"
  },
  "cvss3Summary": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary"
  },
  "description": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent"
  },
  "exploitsAvailable": "Boolean",
  "exploits": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink"
    }
  ],
  "hasChatter": "Boolean",
  "id": "String (identifier)",
  "lastModifiedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "priorityScore": "Int32",
  "publishedDateTime": "String (timestamp)",
  "references": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink"
    }
  ],
  "remediation": {
    "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent"
  },
  "severity": "String"
}
```
