api-reference/beta/api/authentication-list-emailmethods.md, before:

---
title: "List emailAuthenticationMethods"
description: "Get a list of the emailAuthenticationMethod objects and their properties."
author: "mmcla"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List emailAuthenticationMethods
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve a list of a user's [email Authentication Method](../resources/emailauthenticationmethod.md) objects and their properties. This call will only return a single object as only one email method can be set on users.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|:-----------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |

[!INCLUDE [rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others](../includes/rbac-for-apis/rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /me/authentication/emailMethods
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/emailMethods
```

## Optional query parameters
This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [emailAuthenticationMethod](../resources/emailauthenticationmethod.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_emailauthenticationmethod_2"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/authentication/emailMethods
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response.

**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.emailAuthenticationMethod)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "3ddfcfc8-9383-446f-83cc-3ab9be4be18f",
      "emailAddress": "KimA@contoso.com"
    }
  ]
}
```

Commit message:

Add first set of HTTP request updates

api-reference/beta/api/authentication-list-emailmethods.md, after:

---
title: "List emailAuthenticationMethods"
description: "Get a list of the emailAuthenticationMethod objects and their properties."
author: "mmcla"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List emailAuthenticationMethods
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve a list of a user's [email Authentication Method](../resources/emailauthenticationmethod.md) objects and their properties. This call will only return a single object as only one email method can be set on users.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|:-----------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |

[!INCLUDE [rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others](../includes/rbac-for-apis/rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others.md)]

## HTTP request

Get details of your own email authentication method.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
``` http
GET /me/authentication/emailMethods
```

Get details of your own or another user's email authentication method.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
``` http
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/emailMethods
```

## Optional query parameters
This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [emailAuthenticationMethod](../resources/emailauthenticationmethod.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_emailauthenticationmethod_2"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/authentication/emailMethods
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-emailauthenticationmethod-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response.

**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.emailAuthenticationMethod)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
  "value": [
    {
      "id": "3ddfcfc8-9383-446f-83cc-3ab9be4be18f",
      "emailAddress": "KimA@contoso.com"
    }
  ]
}
```
