api-reference/beta/api/authentication-list-temporaryaccesspassmethods.md, before:

---
title: "List temporaryAccessPassMethods"
description: "Get a list of the temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod objects for a user."
author: "tilarso"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List temporaryAccessPassMethods
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]


Retrieve a list of a user's [temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod](../resources/temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod.md) objects and their properties. This API will only return a single object in the collection as a user can have only one Temporary Access Pass method.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |


[!INCLUDE [rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others](../includes/rbac-for-apis/rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others.md)]

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /me/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods
```

## Optional query parameters
This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request 
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod](../resources/temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod.md) objects in the response body.  This call will only return a single object because only one **temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod** can be set on users.

## Examples

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "list_temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod"
}
-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/users/071cc716-8147-4397-a5ba-b2105951cc0b/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#users('071cc716-8147-4397-a5ba-b2105951cc0b')/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods",
     "value": [
        {
            "id": "bdaede67-61e0-4349-9347-d2d6afd84009",
            "temporaryAccessPass": null,
            "createdDateTime": "2022-06-06T16:43:04.6438213Z",
            "startDateTime": "2022-06-06T16:48:03.027Z",
            "lifetimeInMinutes": 60,
            "isUsableOnce": false,
            "isUsable": false,
            "methodUsabilityReason": "NotYetValid"
        }
    ]
}
```

Commit message:

Add first set of HTTP request updates

api-reference/beta/api/authentication-list-temporaryaccesspassmethods.md, after:

---
title: "List temporaryAccessPassMethods"
description: "Get a list of the temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod objects for a user."
author: "tilarso"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "identity-and-sign-in"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# List temporaryAccessPassMethods
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]


Retrieve a list of a user's [temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod](../resources/temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod.md) objects and their properties. This API will only return a single object in the collection as a user can have only one Temporary Access Pass (TAP) method.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### Permissions acting on self

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | Not supported. |

### Permissions acting on other users

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:---------------------------------------|:-------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported. |
| Application                            | UserAuthenticationMethod.Read.All, UserAuthenticationMethod.ReadWrite.All |


[!INCLUDE [rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others](../includes/rbac-for-apis/rbac-authentication-methods-apis-read-others.md)]

## HTTP request

Get details of your own temporary access pass (TAP) authentication method.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /me/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods
```

Get details of your own or another user's temporary access pass (TAP) authentication method.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
``` http
GET /users/{id | userPrincipalName}/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods
```

## Optional query parameters
This method does not support optional query parameters to customize the response.

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request 
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod](../resources/temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod.md) objects in the response body.  This call will only return a single object because only one **temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod** can be set on users.

## Examples

### Request


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "list_temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod"
}
-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/users/071cc716-8147-4397-a5ba-b2105951cc0b/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/list-temporaryaccesspassauthenticationmethod-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Collection(microsoft.graph.temporaryAccessPassAuthenticationMethod)"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#users('071cc716-8147-4397-a5ba-b2105951cc0b')/authentication/temporaryAccessPassMethods",
     "value": [
        {
            "id": "bdaede67-61e0-4349-9347-d2d6afd84009",
            "temporaryAccessPass": null,
            "createdDateTime": "2022-06-06T16:43:04.6438213Z",
            "startDateTime": "2022-06-06T16:48:03.027Z",
            "lifetimeInMinutes": 60,
            "isUsableOnce": false,
            "isUsable": false,
            "methodUsabilityReason": "NotYetValid"
        }
    ]
}
```
