api-reference/beta/api/bookingcustomer-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get bookingCustomer"
description: "Get the properties and relationships of a bookingCustomer object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "arvindmicrosoft"
ms.prod: "bookings"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get bookingCustomer

Namespace: microsoft.graph

 [!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get the properties and relationships of a [bookingCustomer](../resources/bookingcustomer.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  Bookings.Read.All, BookingsAppointment.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.Manage.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.   |
|Application | BookingsAppointment.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.Read.All  |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /bookingBusinesses/{id}/customers/{id}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.
## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [bookingCustomer](../resources/bookingcustomer.md) object in the response body.
## Example
### Request
The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_bookingcustomer",
  "sampleKeys": ["contosolunchdelivery@contoso.onmicrosoft.com", "8bb19078-0f45-4efb-b2c5-da78b860f73a"]
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/bookingBusinesses/contosolunchdelivery@contoso.onmicrosoft.com/customers/8bb19078-0f45-4efb-b2c5-da78b860f73a
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-bookingcustomer-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-bookingcustomer-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-bookingcustomer-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-bookingcustomer-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-bookingcustomer-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-bookingcustomer-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.bookingCustomer"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#bookingBusinesses('Contosolunchdelivery%40contoso.onmicrosoft.com')/customers/$entity",
    "id": "8bb19078-0f45-4efb-b2c5-da78b860f73a",
    "displayName": "Adele Vance",
    "emailAddress": "adelev@proseware.com",
    "addresses": [
        {
            "postOfficeBox":"",
            "street":"4567 Main Street",
            "city":"Buffalo",
            "state":"NY",
            "countryOrRegion":"USA",
            "postalCode":"98052",
            "type":"home"
        },
        {
            "postOfficeBox":"",
            "street":"4570 Main Street",
            "city":"Buffalo",
            "state":"NY",
            "countryOrRegion":"USA",
            "postalCode":"98054",
            "type":"business"
        }
    ],
    "phones": [
        {
            "number": "206-555-0100",
            "type": "home"
        },
        {
            "number": "206-555-0200",
            "type": "business"
        }
     ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get bookingCustomer",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Added Note to beta topic.

api-reference/beta/api/bookingcustomer-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get bookingCustomer"
description: "Get the properties and relationships of a bookingCustomer object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "arvindmicrosoft"
ms.prod: "bookings"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get bookingCustomer

Namespace: microsoft.graph

 [!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get the properties and relationships of a [bookingCustomer](../resources/bookingcustomer.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  Bookings.Read.All, BookingsAppointment.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.Manage.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.   |
|Application | BookingsAppointment.ReadWrite.All, Bookings.Read.All  |

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /bookingBusinesses/{id}/customers/{id}
```

> **Note:** This method currently requires the ID to be Base64 encoded. GUID IDs do not work.

## Optional query parameters

This method supports the [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters) to help customize the response.

## Request headers
| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.
## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [bookingCustomer](../resources/bookingcustomer.md) object in the response body.
## Example
### Request
The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_bookingcustomer",
  "sampleKeys": ["contosolunchdelivery@contoso.onmicrosoft.com", "8bb19078-0f45-4efb-b2c5-da78b860f73a"]
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/bookingBusinesses/contosolunchdelivery@contoso.onmicrosoft.com/customers/8bb19078-0f45-4efb-b2c5-da78b860f73a
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-bookingcustomer-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-bookingcustomer-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-bookingcustomer-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-bookingcustomer-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-bookingcustomer-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-bookingcustomer-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.bookingCustomer"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#bookingBusinesses('Contosolunchdelivery%40contoso.onmicrosoft.com')/customers/$entity",
    "id": "8bb19078-0f45-4efb-b2c5-da78b860f73a",
    "displayName": "Adele Vance",
    "emailAddress": "adelev@proseware.com",
    "addresses": [
        {
            "postOfficeBox":"",
            "street":"4567 Main Street",
            "city":"Buffalo",
            "state":"NY",
            "countryOrRegion":"USA",
            "postalCode":"98052",
            "type":"home"
        },
        {
            "postOfficeBox":"",
            "street":"4570 Main Street",
            "city":"Buffalo",
            "state":"NY",
            "countryOrRegion":"USA",
            "postalCode":"98054",
            "type":"business"
        }
    ],
    "phones": [
        {
            "number": "206-555-0100",
            "type": "home"
        },
        {
            "number": "206-555-0200",
            "type": "business"
        }
     ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get bookingCustomer",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
