api-reference/beta/api/device-delete-registeredusers.md, before:

---
title: "Delete registeredUsers"
description: "Remove a user as a registered user of the device."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "michaelrm97"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Delete registeredUser

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Remove a user as a registered user of the device.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.AccessAsUser.All |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

[!INCLUDE [limited-info](../../includes/limited-info.md)]

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
DELETE /devices/{id}/registeredUsers/{id}/$ref
```
> [!CAUTION]
> If `/$ref` is not appended to the request and the calling app has permissions to manage the user who is a registered user of the device, the user will also be deleted from Azure Active Directory (Azure AD); otherwise, a `403 Forbidden` error is returned. You can restore deleted users through the [Restore deleted items API](directory-deleteditems-restore.md).

## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_registeredusers"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/devices/{id}/registeredUsers/{id}/$ref
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-registeredusers-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-registeredusers-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-registeredusers-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete registeredUsers",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Add RBAC roles to device apis

api-reference/beta/api/device-delete-registeredusers.md, after:

---
title: "Delete registeredUsers"
description: "Remove a user as a registered user of the device."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "michaelrm97"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Delete registeredUser

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Remove a user as a registered user of the device.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.AccessAsUser.All |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

[!INCLUDE [limited-info](../../includes/limited-info.md)]

The calling user must also be in one of the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference): *Global Administrator*, *Intune Administrator*, or *Windows 365 Administrator*.

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
DELETE /devices/{id}/registeredUsers/{id}/$ref
```
> [!CAUTION]
> If `/$ref` is not appended to the request and the calling app has permissions to manage the user who is a registered user of the device, the user will also be deleted from Azure Active Directory (Azure AD); otherwise, a `403 Forbidden` error is returned. You can restore deleted users through the [Restore deleted items API](directory-deleteditems-restore.md).

## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:-----------|:------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_registeredusers"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/devices/{id}/registeredUsers/{id}/$ref
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-registeredusers-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-registeredusers-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-registeredusers-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---


---

##### Response
Here is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete registeredUsers",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
