api-reference/beta/api/device-post-registeredusers.md, before:

---
title: "Create registeredUser"
description: "Add a registered user for the device."
author: "spunukol"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create registeredUser

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Add a registered user for the device.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).


|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.AccessAsUser.All |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

You can address the device using either its **id** or **deviceId**.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /devices/{id}/registeredUsers/$ref
POST /devices(deviceId='{deviceId}')/registeredUsers/$ref
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) object.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_directoryobject_from_device_2"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/devices/{id}/registeredUsers/$ref
Content-type: application/json

{
  "@odata.id": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/directoryObjects/{id}"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) object.
##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create registeredUser",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Add RBAC roles to device apis

api-reference/beta/api/device-post-registeredusers.md, after:

---
title: "Create registeredUser"
description: "Add a registered user for the device."
author: "spunukol"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create registeredUser

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Add a registered user for the device.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).


|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) | Directory.AccessAsUser.All |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

The calling user must also be in one of the following [Azure AD roles](/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference): *Global Administrator*, *Intune Administrator*, or *Windows 365 Administrator*.

## HTTP request

You can address the device using either its **id** or **deviceId**.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /devices/{id}/registeredUsers/$ref
POST /devices(deviceId='{deviceId}')/registeredUsers/$ref
```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) object.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Example
##### Request
Here is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_directoryobject_from_device_2"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/devices/{id}/registeredUsers/$ref
Content-type: application/json

{
  "@odata.id": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/directoryObjects/{id}"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-directoryobject-from-device-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of [directoryObject](../resources/directoryobject.md) object.
##### Response
Here is an example of the response. Note: The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create registeredUser",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
