api-reference/beta/api/rbacapplication-list-roleassignments.md, before:

---
title: "List unifiedRoleAssignments"
description: "Get a list of unifiedRoleAssignment objects."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List unifiedRoleAssignments

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get a list of [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) objects for the provider.

The following RBAC providers are currently supported:
- directory (Azure AD)
- entitlement management (Azure AD)

## Permissions


Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following table the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, search for the following permissions in [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For Directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

### For Entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |


## HTTP request

To list role assignments for a directory provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter=principalId eq '{principal id}'

GET /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '{roleDefinition id}'
```

To list role assignments for the entitlement management provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=principalId eq '{principal id}'

GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '{roleDefinition id}'

GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=appScopeId eq '/AccessPackageCatalog/{catalog id}'
```

## Query parameters

This operation requires the `$filter` query parameter. You can filter on the `roleDefinitionId`, `principalId` or `appScopeId` properties. The `roleDefinitionId` property can be either a role object ID or a role template object ID. The `$expand` query parameter is also supported on **principal**. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Example 1: Request using $filter on role definition ID and expand principal

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roleAssignments_1"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10'&$expand=principal
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roleassignments-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roleassignments-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roleassignments-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roleassignments-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roleassignments-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roleassignments-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments(principal())",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEMmO4KwRqtpKkUWt3wOYIz4-1",
            "principalId": "ace08ec9-aa11-4ada-9145-addf0398233e",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "ace08ec9-aa11-4ada-9145-addf0398233e",
                "deletedDateTime": null,
                "accountEnabled": true,
                "ageGroup": null,
                "businessPhones": [],
                "city": "Redmond",
                "createdDateTime": "2019-02-22T20:29:07Z",
                "creationType": null,
                "companyName": null,
                "consentProvidedForMinor": null,
                "country": "US",
                "department": "Office of the CEO",
                "displayName": "Joey Cruz",
                "employeeId": null,
                "faxNumber": null,
                "givenName": "Joey",
                "imAddresses": [
                    "joeyc@woodgrove.ms"
                ],
                "infoCatalogs": [],
                "isResourceAccount": null,
                "jobTitle": "Chief Security Officer",
                "legalAgeGroupClassification": null,
                "mail": "joeyc@woodgrove.ms",
                "mailNickname": "joeyc",
                "mobilePhone": null,
                "onPremisesDistinguishedName": null,
                "officeLocation": null,
                "userType": "Member",   

            }
        },
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEC6Xh29-LklLmYDrOIi9z-E-1",
            "principalId": "6f87972e-2e7e-4b49-9980-eb3888bdcfe1",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "6f87972e-2e7e-4b49-9980-eb3888bdcfe1",
                "deletedDateTime": null,
                "accountEnabled": true,
                "ageGroup": null,
                "businessPhones": [],
                "city": null,
                "createdDateTime": "2019-07-18T01:38:36Z",
                "creationType": "Invitation",
                "companyName": null,
                "consentProvidedForMinor": null,
                "country": null,
                "department": null,
                "displayName": "Kalyan Krishna",
                "employeeId": null,
                "faxNumber": null,
                "givenName": null,
                "imAddresses": [],
                "userType": "Guest",
	
            }
        },
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEMgc_BA2rIZBuZsM-BSqLdU-1",
            "principalId": "10fc1cc8-ac36-4186-b99b-0cf814aa2dd5",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "10fc1cc8-ac36-4186-b99b-0cf814aa2dd5",
                "deletedDateTime": null,
                "accountEnabled": true,
                "ageGroup": null,
                "businessPhones": [],
                "city": null,
                "createdDateTime": "2019-11-13T21:54:27Z",
                "creationType": "Invitation",
                "companyName": null,
                "consentProvidedForMinor": null,
                "country": null,
                "department": null,
                "displayName": "Markie Downing",
                "employeeId": null,
                "faxNumber": null,
                "givenName": null,
                "imAddresses": [],
                "userType": "Guest",
		
            }
        }
	]
}
```

### Example 2: Request using a filter on principal ID

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roleAssignments_2"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter = principalId eq 'f1847572-48aa-47aa-96a3-2ec61904f41f'
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roleassignments-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roleassignments-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roleassignments-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roleassignments-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roleassignments-2-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roleassignments-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEHJ1hPGqSKpHlqMuxhkE9B8-1",
            "principalId": "f1847572-48aa-47aa-96a3-2ec61904f41f",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10"
        },
        {
            "id": "LJnv8vs6uUa3z6Em7nTEUXJ1hPGqSKpHlqMuxhkE9B8-1",
            "principalId": "f1847572-48aa-47aa-96a3-2ec61904f41f",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "f2ef992c-3afb-46b9-b7cf-a126ee74c451"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Example 3: Request using $filter for role assignments on an access package catalog and expand principal

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roleAssignments_3"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=appScopeId eq '/AccessPackageCatalog/4cee616b-fdf9-4890-9d10-955e0ccb12bc'&$expand=principal
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roleassignments-3-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roleassignments-3-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roleassignments-3-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roleassignments-3-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roleassignments-3-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roleassignments-3-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "900633fe-2508-4b13-a561-a15e320ad35f",
            "principalId": "39228473-522e-4533-88cc-a9553180cb99",
            "roleDefinitionId": "ae79f266-94d4-4dab-b730-feca7e132178",
            "appScopeId": "/AccessPackageCatalog/4cee616b-fdf9-4890-9d10-955e0ccb12bc",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "39228473-522e-4533-88cc-a9553180cb99"
            }    
        }
    ]
}
```



<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List roleAssignments",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

update doc for exchange online provider

api-reference/beta/api/rbacapplication-list-roleassignments.md, after:

---
title: "List unifiedRoleAssignments"
description: "Get a list of unifiedRoleAssignment objects."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List unifiedRoleAssignments

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get a list of [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) objects for the provider.

The following RBAC providers are currently supported:
- directory (Azure AD)
- entitlement management (Azure AD)
- Exchange Online

## Permissions


Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following table the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, search for the following permissions in [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For Directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

### For Entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

### For an Exchange Online provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Exchange, RoleManagement.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Exchange   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |


## HTTP request

To list role assignments for a directory provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter=principalId eq '{principal id}'

GET /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '{roleDefinition id}'
```

To list role assignments for the entitlement management provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=principalId eq '{principal id}'

GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '{roleDefinition id}'

GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=appScopeId eq '/AccessPackageCatalog/{catalog id}'
```

## Query parameters

This operation requires the `$filter` query parameter. You can filter on the `roleDefinitionId`, `principalId` or `appScopeId` properties. The `roleDefinitionId` property can be either a role object ID or a role template object ID. The `$expand` query parameter is also supported on **principal**. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Example 1: Request using $filter on role definition ID and expand principal

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roleAssignments_1"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter=roleDefinitionId eq '62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10'&$expand=principal
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roleassignments-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roleassignments-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roleassignments-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roleassignments-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roleassignments-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roleassignments-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments(principal())",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEMmO4KwRqtpKkUWt3wOYIz4-1",
            "principalId": "ace08ec9-aa11-4ada-9145-addf0398233e",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "ace08ec9-aa11-4ada-9145-addf0398233e",
                "deletedDateTime": null,
                "accountEnabled": true,
                "ageGroup": null,
                "businessPhones": [],
                "city": "Redmond",
                "createdDateTime": "2019-02-22T20:29:07Z",
                "creationType": null,
                "companyName": null,
                "consentProvidedForMinor": null,
                "country": "US",
                "department": "Office of the CEO",
                "displayName": "Joey Cruz",
                "employeeId": null,
                "faxNumber": null,
                "givenName": "Joey",
                "imAddresses": [
                    "joeyc@woodgrove.ms"
                ],
                "infoCatalogs": [],
                "isResourceAccount": null,
                "jobTitle": "Chief Security Officer",
                "legalAgeGroupClassification": null,
                "mail": "joeyc@woodgrove.ms",
                "mailNickname": "joeyc",
                "mobilePhone": null,
                "onPremisesDistinguishedName": null,
                "officeLocation": null,
                "userType": "Member",   

            }
        },
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEC6Xh29-LklLmYDrOIi9z-E-1",
            "principalId": "6f87972e-2e7e-4b49-9980-eb3888bdcfe1",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "6f87972e-2e7e-4b49-9980-eb3888bdcfe1",
                "deletedDateTime": null,
                "accountEnabled": true,
                "ageGroup": null,
                "businessPhones": [],
                "city": null,
                "createdDateTime": "2019-07-18T01:38:36Z",
                "creationType": "Invitation",
                "companyName": null,
                "consentProvidedForMinor": null,
                "country": null,
                "department": null,
                "displayName": "Kalyan Krishna",
                "employeeId": null,
                "faxNumber": null,
                "givenName": null,
                "imAddresses": [],
                "userType": "Guest",
	
            }
        },
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEMgc_BA2rIZBuZsM-BSqLdU-1",
            "principalId": "10fc1cc8-ac36-4186-b99b-0cf814aa2dd5",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "10fc1cc8-ac36-4186-b99b-0cf814aa2dd5",
                "deletedDateTime": null,
                "accountEnabled": true,
                "ageGroup": null,
                "businessPhones": [],
                "city": null,
                "createdDateTime": "2019-11-13T21:54:27Z",
                "creationType": "Invitation",
                "companyName": null,
                "consentProvidedForMinor": null,
                "country": null,
                "department": null,
                "displayName": "Markie Downing",
                "employeeId": null,
                "faxNumber": null,
                "givenName": null,
                "imAddresses": [],
                "userType": "Guest",
		
            }
        }
	]
}
```

### Example 2: Request using a filter on principal ID

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roleAssignments_2"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments?$filter = principalId eq 'f1847572-48aa-47aa-96a3-2ec61904f41f'
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roleassignments-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roleassignments-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roleassignments-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roleassignments-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roleassignments-2-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roleassignments-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEHJ1hPGqSKpHlqMuxhkE9B8-1",
            "principalId": "f1847572-48aa-47aa-96a3-2ec61904f41f",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10"
        },
        {
            "id": "LJnv8vs6uUa3z6Em7nTEUXJ1hPGqSKpHlqMuxhkE9B8-1",
            "principalId": "f1847572-48aa-47aa-96a3-2ec61904f41f",
            "resourceScope": "/",
            "directoryScopeId": "/",
            "roleDefinitionId": "f2ef992c-3afb-46b9-b7cf-a126ee74c451"
        }
    ]
}
```

### Example 3: Request using $filter for role assignments on an access package catalog and expand principal

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roleAssignments_3"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments?$filter=appScopeId eq '/AccessPackageCatalog/4cee616b-fdf9-4890-9d10-955e0ccb12bc'&$expand=principal
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roleassignments-3-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roleassignments-3-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roleassignments-3-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roleassignments-3-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roleassignments-3-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roleassignments-3-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "900633fe-2508-4b13-a561-a15e320ad35f",
            "principalId": "39228473-522e-4533-88cc-a9553180cb99",
            "roleDefinitionId": "ae79f266-94d4-4dab-b730-feca7e132178",
            "appScopeId": "/AccessPackageCatalog/4cee616b-fdf9-4890-9d10-955e0ccb12bc",
            "principal": {
                "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.user",
                "id": "39228473-522e-4533-88cc-a9553180cb99"
            }    
        }
    ]
}
```



<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List roleAssignments",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
