api-reference/beta/api/rbacapplication-list-roledefinitions.md, before:

---
title: "List roleDefinitions"
description: "Get a list of unifiedRoleDefinition objects."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List roleDefinitions

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get a list of [unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md) objects for an RBAC provider.

The following RBAC providers are currently supported:
- Cloud PC 
- device management (Intune)
- directory (Azure AD) 
- entitlement management (Azure AD)

## Permissions

Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following tables the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For a Cloud PC provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.CloudPC, CloudPC.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.CloudPC, CloudPC.ReadWrite.All, RoleManagement.Read.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.CloudPC, CloudPC.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.CloudPC, CloudPC.ReadWrite.All, RoleManagement.Read.All  |

### For a device management (Intune) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  DeviceManagementRBAC.Read.All, DeviceManagementRBAC.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | DeviceManagementRBAC.Read.All, DeviceManagementRBAC.ReadWrite.All |

### For a directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

### For an entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

To list role definitions for a Cloud PC provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/cloudPC/roleDefinitions
```

To list role definitions for a device management provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/deviceManagement/roleDefinitions
```

To list role definitions for a directory provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions
```

To list role definitions for the entitlement management provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleDefinitions
```

## Optional query parameters
This method supports `$filter` query parameter on `id`, `displayName`, and `isBuiltIn` properties. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Example 1: List role definitions for a directory provider

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_directory"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roledefinitions-directory-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roledefinitions-directory-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roledefinitions-directory-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roledefinitions-directory-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roledefinitions-directory-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roledefinitions-directory-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_directory",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleDefinition",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "729827e3-9c14-49f7-bb1b-9608f156bbb8",
            "description": "Can reset passwords for non-administrators and Helpdesk Administrators.",
            "displayName": "Helpdesk Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "729827e3-9c14-49f7-bb1b-9608f156bbb8",
            "version": "1",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.directory/users/invalidateAllRefreshTokens",
                        "microsoft.directory/users/bitLockerRecoveryKeys/read",
                        "microsoft.directory/users/password/update",
                        "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read",
                        "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ],
            "inheritsPermissionsFrom": [
                {
                    "id": "88d8e3e3-8f55-4a1e-953a-9b9898b8876b"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033",
            "description": "Can read service health information and manage support tickets.",
            "displayName": "Service Support Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033",
            "version": "1",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read",
                        "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ],
            "inheritsPermissionsFrom": [
                {
                    "id": "88d8e3e3-8f55-4a1e-953a-9b9898b8876b"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe",
            "description": "Can perform common billing related tasks like updating payment information.",
            "displayName": "Billing Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe",
            "version": "1",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.directory/organization/basic/update",
                        "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.commerce.billing/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read",
                        "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ],
            "inheritsPermissionsFrom": [
                {
                    "id": "88d8e3e3-8f55-4a1e-953a-9b9898b8876b"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

### Example 2: List role definitions for a Cloud PC provider

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_cloudpc"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/cloudPC/roleDefinitions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_cloudpc",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleDefinition",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/cloudPC/roleDefinitions",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "b5c08161-a7af-481c-ace2-a20a69a48fb1",
            "description": "Cloud PC Administrator has read and write access to all Cloud PC features located within the Cloud PC blade.",
            "displayName": "Cloud PC Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "resourceScopes": [
                "/"
            ],
            "templateId": "b5c08161-a7af-481c-ace2-a20a69a48fb1",
            "version": null,
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/CloudPCs/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/CloudPCs/Reprovision",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Update",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/RunHealthChecks",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/UpdateAdDomainPassword",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Assign",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Update",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/RoleAssignments/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/RoleAssignments/Update",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/RoleAssignments/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/Roles/Read"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "d40368cb-fbf4-4965-bbc1-f17b3a78e510",
            "description": "Cloud PC Reader has read access to all Cloud PC features located within the Cloud PC blade.",
            "displayName": "Cloud PC Reader",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "resourceScopes": [
                "/"
            ],
            "templateId": "d40368cb-fbf4-4965-bbc1-f17b3a78e510",
            "version": null,
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/CloudPCs/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/Roles/Read"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

### Example 3: List role definitions for the entitlement management provider

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_entitlementmanagement"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleDefinitions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_entitlementmanagement",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleDefinition",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleDefinitions",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "ae79f266-94d4-4dab-b730-feca7e132178",
            "displayName": "Catalog owner",
            "description": "Catalog owner",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "ae79f266-94d4-4dab-b730-feca7e132178",
            "version": "1.0",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.entitlementManagement/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ]
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "44272f93-9762-48e8-af59-1b5351b1d6b3",
            "displayName": "Catalog reader",
            "description": "Catalog reader",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "44272f93-9762-48e8-af59-1b5351b1d6b3",
            "version": "1.0",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.entitlementManagement/allEntities/Read"
                    ]
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```


<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List roleDefinitions",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

update doc for exchange online provider

api-reference/beta/api/rbacapplication-list-roledefinitions.md, after:

---
title: "List roleDefinitions"
description: "Get a list of unifiedRoleDefinition objects."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# List roleDefinitions

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Get a list of [unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md) objects for an RBAC provider.

The following RBAC providers are currently supported:
- Cloud PC 
- device management (Intune)
- directory (Azure AD) 
- entitlement management (Azure AD)
- Exchange Online

## Permissions

Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following tables the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For a Cloud PC provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.CloudPC, CloudPC.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.CloudPC, CloudPC.ReadWrite.All, RoleManagement.Read.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.CloudPC, CloudPC.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.CloudPC, CloudPC.ReadWrite.All, RoleManagement.Read.All  |

### For a device management (Intune) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  DeviceManagementRBAC.Read.All, DeviceManagementRBAC.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | DeviceManagementRBAC.Read.All, DeviceManagementRBAC.ReadWrite.All |

### For a directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

### For an entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

### For an Exchange Online provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Exchange, RoleManagement.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Exchange   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

To list role definitions for a Cloud PC provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/cloudPC/roleDefinitions
```

To list role definitions for a device management provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/deviceManagement/roleDefinitions
```

To list role definitions for a directory provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions
```

To list role definitions for the entitlement management provider:
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleDefinitions
```

## Optional query parameters
This method supports `$filter` query parameter on `id`, `displayName`, and `isBuiltIn` properties. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [unifiedRoleDefinition](../resources/unifiedroledefinition.md) objects in the response body.

## Examples

### Example 1: List role definitions for a directory provider

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_directory"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roledefinitions-directory-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roledefinitions-directory-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roledefinitions-directory-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roledefinitions-directory-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roledefinitions-directory-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roledefinitions-directory-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_directory",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleDefinition",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleDefinitions",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "729827e3-9c14-49f7-bb1b-9608f156bbb8",
            "description": "Can reset passwords for non-administrators and Helpdesk Administrators.",
            "displayName": "Helpdesk Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "729827e3-9c14-49f7-bb1b-9608f156bbb8",
            "version": "1",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.directory/users/invalidateAllRefreshTokens",
                        "microsoft.directory/users/bitLockerRecoveryKeys/read",
                        "microsoft.directory/users/password/update",
                        "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read",
                        "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ],
            "inheritsPermissionsFrom": [
                {
                    "id": "88d8e3e3-8f55-4a1e-953a-9b9898b8876b"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033",
            "description": "Can read service health information and manage support tickets.",
            "displayName": "Service Support Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "f023fd81-a637-4b56-95fd-791ac0226033",
            "version": "1",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read",
                        "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ],
            "inheritsPermissionsFrom": [
                {
                    "id": "88d8e3e3-8f55-4a1e-953a-9b9898b8876b"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe",
            "description": "Can perform common billing related tasks like updating payment information.",
            "displayName": "Billing Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "b0f54661-2d74-4c50-afa3-1ec803f12efe",
            "version": "1",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.directory/organization/basic/update",
                        "microsoft.azure.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.azure.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.commerce.billing/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.webPortal/allEntities/standard/read",
                        "microsoft.office365.serviceHealth/allEntities/allTasks",
                        "microsoft.office365.supportTickets/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ],
            "inheritsPermissionsFrom": [
                {
                    "id": "88d8e3e3-8f55-4a1e-953a-9b9898b8876b"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

### Example 2: List role definitions for a Cloud PC provider

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_cloudpc"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/cloudPC/roleDefinitions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roledefinitions-cloudpc-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_cloudpc",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleDefinition",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/cloudPC/roleDefinitions",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "b5c08161-a7af-481c-ace2-a20a69a48fb1",
            "description": "Cloud PC Administrator has read and write access to all Cloud PC features located within the Cloud PC blade.",
            "displayName": "Cloud PC Administrator",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "resourceScopes": [
                "/"
            ],
            "templateId": "b5c08161-a7af-481c-ace2-a20a69a48fb1",
            "version": null,
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/CloudPCs/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/CloudPCs/Reprovision",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Update",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/RunHealthChecks",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/UpdateAdDomainPassword",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Assign",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Update",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/RoleAssignments/Create",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/RoleAssignments/Update",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/RoleAssignments/Delete",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/Roles/Read"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "d40368cb-fbf4-4965-bbc1-f17b3a78e510",
            "description": "Cloud PC Reader has read access to all Cloud PC features located within the Cloud PC blade.",
            "displayName": "Cloud PC Reader",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "resourceScopes": [
                "/"
            ],
            "templateId": "d40368cb-fbf4-4965-bbc1-f17b3a78e510",
            "version": null,
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/CloudPCs/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/DeviceImages/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/OnPremisesConnections/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/ProvisioningPolicies/Read",
                        "Microsoft.CloudPC/Roles/Read"
                    ],
                    "condition": null
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

### Example 3: List role definitions for the entitlement management provider

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_entitlementmanagement"
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleDefinitions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-roledefinitions-entitlementmanagement-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "name": "get_roledefinitions_entitlementmanagement",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleDefinition",
  "isCollection": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleDefinitions",
    "value": [
        {
            "id": "ae79f266-94d4-4dab-b730-feca7e132178",
            "displayName": "Catalog owner",
            "description": "Catalog owner",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "ae79f266-94d4-4dab-b730-feca7e132178",
            "version": "1.0",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.entitlementManagement/allEntities/allTasks"
                    ]
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "id": "44272f93-9762-48e8-af59-1b5351b1d6b3",
            "displayName": "Catalog reader",
            "description": "Catalog reader",
            "isBuiltIn": true,
            "isEnabled": true,
            "templateId": "44272f93-9762-48e8-af59-1b5351b1d6b3",
            "version": "1.0",
            "rolePermissions": [
                {
                    "allowedResourceActions": [
                        "microsoft.entitlementManagement/allEntities/Read"
                    ]
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```


<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "List roleDefinitions",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
