api-reference/beta/api/security-vulnerability-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get vulnerability"
description: "Read the properties and relationships of a vulnerability object."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get vulnerability

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Read the properties and relationships of a [vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md) object.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|ThreatIntelligence.Read.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|ThreatIntelligence.Read.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /security/threatIntelligence/vulnerabilities/{vulnerabilityId}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports some of the OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of a request.
# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_vulnerability",
  "sampleKeys": ["CVE-2021-44228"]
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/security/threatIntelligence/vulnerabilities/CVE-2021-44228
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-vulnerability-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-vulnerability-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-vulnerability-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-vulnerability-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-vulnerability-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-vulnerability-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability"
}
-->
``` json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": {
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability",
    "id": "CVE-2021-44228",
    "createdDateTime": "2021-11-27T13:18:28.240Z",
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2023-02-06T18:53:00.000Z",
    "publishedDateTime": "2021-12-10T18:15:00.000Z",
    "description": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent",
      "content": "Apache Log4j2 2.0-beta9 through 2.15.0 (excluding security releases 2.12.2, 2.12.3, and 2.3.1) JNDI features used in configuration, log messages, and parameters do not protect against attacker controlled LDAP and other JNDI related endpoints...",
      "format": "markdown"
    },
    "remediation": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent",
      "content": "##### Upgrade Apache Log4j to 2.15.0...",
      "format": "markdown"
    },
    "priorityScore": 100,
    "severity": "high",
    "commonWeaknessEnumerationIds": [
      "CWE-20",
      "CWE-400",
      "CWE-502"
    ],
    "cvss2Summary": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary",
      "score": 9.3,
      "severity": "high",
      "vectorString": "AV:N/AC:M/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C"
    },
    "cvss3Summary": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary",
      "score": 10.0,
      "severity": "critical",
      "vectorString": "CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H"
    },
    "hasChatter": "true",
    "exploitsAvailable": "true",
    "activeExploitsObserved": "true",
    "exploits": [
      {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink",
        "name": "http://packetstormsecurity.com/files/165225/Apache-Log4j2-2.14.1-Remote-Code-Execution.html",
        "url": "http://packetstormsecurity.com/files/165225/Apache-Log4j2-2.14.1-Remote-Code-Execution.html"
      }
    ],
    "references": [
      {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink",
        "name": "Microsoft’s Response to CVE-2021-44228 Apache Log4j 2",
        "url": "https://msrc-blog.microsoft.com/2021/12/11/microsofts-response-to-cve-2021-44228-apache-log4j2/",
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

Commit message:

Add notice about required license to ThreatIntelligence APIs

api-reference/beta/api/security-vulnerability-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get vulnerability"
description: "Read the properties and relationships of a vulnerability object."
author: "joerattazzi-microsoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "security"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Get vulnerability

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> **Note:** The Microsoft Graph API for Threat Intelligence requires an [active Defender Threat Intelligence Portal license and API add-on license](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2235706) for the tenant.

Read the properties and relationships of a [vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md) object.

## Permissions

One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|ThreatIntelligence.Read.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|ThreatIntelligence.Read.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /security/threatIntelligence/vulnerabilities/{vulnerabilityId}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports some of the OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability](../resources/security-vulnerability.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request

The following is an example of a request.
# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_vulnerability",
  "sampleKeys": ["CVE-2021-44228"]
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/security/threatIntelligence/vulnerabilities/CVE-2021-44228
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-vulnerability-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-vulnerability-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-vulnerability-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-vulnerability-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-vulnerability-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-vulnerability-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability"
}
-->
``` json
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "value": {
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.security.vulnerability",
    "id": "CVE-2021-44228",
    "createdDateTime": "2021-11-27T13:18:28.240Z",
    "lastModifiedDateTime": "2023-02-06T18:53:00.000Z",
    "publishedDateTime": "2021-12-10T18:15:00.000Z",
    "description": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent",
      "content": "Apache Log4j2 2.0-beta9 through 2.15.0 (excluding security releases 2.12.2, 2.12.3, and 2.3.1) JNDI features used in configuration, log messages, and parameters do not protect against attacker controlled LDAP and other JNDI related endpoints...",
      "format": "markdown"
    },
    "remediation": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.formattedContent",
      "content": "##### Upgrade Apache Log4j to 2.15.0...",
      "format": "markdown"
    },
    "priorityScore": 100,
    "severity": "high",
    "commonWeaknessEnumerationIds": [
      "CWE-20",
      "CWE-400",
      "CWE-502"
    ],
    "cvss2Summary": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary",
      "score": 9.3,
      "severity": "high",
      "vectorString": "AV:N/AC:M/Au:N/C:C/I:C/A:C"
    },
    "cvss3Summary": {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.cvssSummary",
      "score": 10.0,
      "severity": "critical",
      "vectorString": "CVSS:3.1/AV:N/AC:L/PR:N/UI:N/S:C/C:H/I:H/A:H"
    },
    "hasChatter": "true",
    "exploitsAvailable": "true",
    "activeExploitsObserved": "true",
    "exploits": [
      {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink",
        "name": "http://packetstormsecurity.com/files/165225/Apache-Log4j2-2.14.1-Remote-Code-Execution.html",
        "url": "http://packetstormsecurity.com/files/165225/Apache-Log4j2-2.14.1-Remote-Code-Execution.html"
      }
    ],
    "references": [
      {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.security.hyperlink",
        "name": "Microsoft’s Response to CVE-2021-44228 Apache Log4j 2",
        "url": "https://msrc-blog.microsoft.com/2021/12/11/microsofts-response-to-cve-2021-44228-apache-log4j2/",
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
