api-reference/beta/api/security-ediscoveryexportoperation-getdownloadurl.md, before:

---
title: "ediscoveryExportOperation: getDownloadUrl"
description: "return a downloadUrl from where the export content is delivered as a stream"
author: "SeunginLyu"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "ediscovery"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# ediscoveryExportOperation: getDownloadUrl
We are deprecating the getDownloadUrl from April 2023. Please refer exportFileMetadata parameter in the response of operation by ID URL. 

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

If a Azure blob url is not provided in export action, the export operation exports the files to an internal store. Contents of this store can be fetched by calling into this function. This will return a downloadUrl where the zipped content is delivered as a stream.


## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|eDiscovery.Read.All, eDiscovery.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /security/cases/ediscoveryCases/{ediscoveryCaseId}/operations/{eDiscoveryCaseOperationId}/microsoft.graph.security.ediscoveryExportOperation/getDownloadUrl
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a String in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "ediscoveryexportoperationthis.getdownloadurl"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/security/cases/ediscoveryCases/58399dff-cebe-478f-b1af-d3227f1fd645/operations/c5ae226f457547a582ef0eb6dbfaee25/microsoft.graph.security.ediscoveryExportOperation/getDownloadUrl
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/ediscoveryexportoperationthisgetdownloadurl-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/ediscoveryexportoperationthisgetdownloadurl-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/ediscoveryexportoperationthisgetdownloadurl-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---



### Response
The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Edm.String"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: text/plain

{
    "https://sdfpkgg0021.blob.edproxy.aed01.ediscovery.outlook.com/packaging120g37c10016472cb0abf28fac5800b0/6dec1a1c-0577-424f-819c-9542edc47f5a.zip?{SASToken}"
}
```

Commit message:

Added Deprecated tag
Added deprecated properties and method as per docs

api-reference/beta/api/security-ediscoveryexportoperation-getdownloadurl.md, after:

---
title: "ediscoveryExportOperation: getDownloadUrl (deprecated)"
description: "return a downloadUrl from where the export content is delivered as a stream"
author: "SeunginLyu"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "ediscovery"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# ediscoveryExportOperation: getDownloadUrl (deprecated)

Namespace: microsoft.graph.security

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

[!CAUTION] The getDownloadUrl is deprecated and will stop returning data on April,2023. Please refer exportFileMetadata parameter in the response of operation by ID URL

If a Azure blob url is not provided in export action, the export operation exports the files to an internal store. Contents of this store can be fetched by calling into this function. This will return a downloadUrl where the zipped content is delivered as a stream.


## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|eDiscovery.Read.All, eDiscovery.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Not supported.|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
GET /security/cases/ediscoveryCases/{ediscoveryCaseId}/operations/{eDiscoveryCaseOperationId}/microsoft.graph.security.ediscoveryExportOperation/getDownloadUrl
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this function returns a `200 OK` response code and a String in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "ediscoveryexportoperationthis.getdownloadurl"
}
-->
``` http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/security/cases/ediscoveryCases/58399dff-cebe-478f-b1af-d3227f1fd645/operations/c5ae226f457547a582ef0eb6dbfaee25/microsoft.graph.security.ediscoveryExportOperation/getDownloadUrl
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/ediscoveryexportoperationthisgetdownloadurl-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/ediscoveryexportoperationthisgetdownloadurl-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/ediscoveryexportoperationthisgetdownloadurl-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---



### Response
The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "Edm.String"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-Type: text/plain

{
    "https://sdfpkgg0021.blob.edproxy.aed01.ediscovery.outlook.com/packaging120g37c10016472cb0abf28fac5800b0/6dec1a1c-0577-424f-819c-9542edc47f5a.zip?{SASToken}"
}
```
