api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get synchronizationSchema"
description: "Retrieve the schema for a given synchronization job or template."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Get synchronizationSchema

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the schema for a given synchronization job or template.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema
GET /applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [synchronizationSchema](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationschema.md) object in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_synchronizationschema_1"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-synchronizationschema-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-synchronizationschema-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-synchronizationschema-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-synchronizationschema-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-synchronizationschema-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-synchronizationschema-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned in an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.synchronizationSchema"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
    "directories": [
        {
            "name": "Azure Active Directory",
            "objects": [
                {
                    "name": "User",
                    "attributes": [
                        {
                            "name": "userPrincipalName",
                            "type": "string"
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Salesforce",
            "objects": [{}]
        }
    ],
    "synchronizationRules":[
        {
            "name": "USER_TO_USER",
            "sourceDirectoryName": "Azure Active Directory",
            "targetDirectoryName": "Salesforce",
            "objectMappings": [
                {
                    "sourceObjectName": "User",
                    "targetObjectName": "User",
                    "attributeMappings": [
                        {
                            "source": {},
                            "targetAttributeName": "userName"
                        },
                        {}
                    ]
                },
                {}
            ]
        },
        {}
    ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get synchronizationSchema",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get synchronizationSchema"
description: "Retrieve the schema for a given synchronization job or template."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Get synchronizationSchema

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the schema for a given synchronization job or template.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema
GET /applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [synchronizationSchema](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationschema.md) object in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_synchronizationschema_1"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-synchronizationschema-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-synchronizationschema-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-synchronizationschema-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-synchronizationschema-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-synchronizationschema-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-synchronizationschema-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned in an actual call.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.synchronizationSchema"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK

{
    "directories": [
        {
            "name": "Azure Active Directory",
            "objects": [
                {
                    "name": "User",
                    "attributes": [
                        {
                            "name": "userPrincipalName",
                            "type": "string"
                        }
                    ]
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Salesforce",
            "objects": [{}]
        }
    ],
    "synchronizationRules":[
        {
            "name": "USER_TO_USER",
            "sourceDirectoryName": "Azure Active Directory",
            "targetDirectoryName": "Salesforce",
            "objectMappings": [
                {
                    "sourceObjectName": "User",
                    "targetObjectName": "User",
                    "attributeMappings": [
                        {
                            "source": {},
                            "targetAttributeName": "userName"
                        },
                        {}
                    ]
                },
                {}
            ]
        },
        {}
    ]
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get synchronizationSchema",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
