api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-restart.md, before:

---
title: "Restart synchronizationJob"
description: "Restart the synchronization job, forcing it to reprocess all the objects in the directory. Optionally clears existing synchronization state and previous errors."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Restart synchronizationJob

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Restart a stopped synchronization job, forcing it to reprocess all the objects in the directory. Optionally clears existing the synchronization state and previous errors.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP Request

`{servicePrincipalId}` refers to the **id** of the service principal object. **id** is referred to as the **Object ID** of the enterprise application in the Azure portal.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{servicePrincipalId}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/restart
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameter.

| Parameter     | Type      | Description    |
|:--------------|:----------|:---------------|
|criteria       |[synchronizationJobRestartCriteria](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationjobrestartcriteria.md) |Restart criteria|

## Response

If successful, returns a `204 No Content` response. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationjob_restart"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/restart
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Content-type: application/json

{
   "criteria": {
       "resetScope": "Watermark, Escrows, QuarantineState"
   }
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronizationjob-restart-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationjob-restart-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationjob-restart-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronizationjob-restart-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/synchronizationjob-restart-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronizationjob-restart-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of a response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationJob: restart",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-restart.md, after:

---
title: "Restart synchronizationJob"
description: "Restart the synchronization job, forcing it to reprocess all the objects in the directory. Optionally clears existing synchronization state and previous errors."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Restart synchronizationJob

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Restart a stopped synchronization job, forcing it to reprocess all the objects in the directory. Optionally clears existing the synchronization state and previous errors.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP Request

`{servicePrincipalId}` refers to the **id** of the service principal object. **id** is referred to as the **Object ID** of the enterprise application in the Azure portal.
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{servicePrincipalId}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/restart
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameter.

| Parameter     | Type      | Description    |
|:--------------|:----------|:---------------|
|criteria       |[synchronizationJobRestartCriteria](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationjobrestartcriteria.md) |Restart criteria|

## Response

If successful, returns a `204 No Content` response. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationjob_restart"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/restart
Authorization: Bearer <token>
Content-type: application/json

{
   "criteria": {
       "resetScope": "Watermark, Escrows, QuarantineState"
   }
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronizationjob-restart-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationjob-restart-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationjob-restart-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronizationjob-restart-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/synchronizationjob-restart-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronizationjob-restart-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of a response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationJob: restart",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
