api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-start.md, before:

---
title: "Start synchronizationJob"
description: "Start an existing synchronization job. If the job is in a paused state, it will continue processing changes from the point where it was paused. If the job is in quarantine, the quarantine status will be cleared."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Start synchronizationJob

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Start an existing synchronization job. If the job is in a paused state, it will continue processing changes from the point where it was paused. If the job is in quarantine, the quarantine status will be cleared. Do not create scripts to call the start job continuously while it's running because that can cause the service to stop running. Use the start job only when the job is currently paused or in quarantine. 

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/start
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method. 

## Response

If successful, returns a `204 No Content` response. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationjob_start"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/start
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronizationjob-start-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationjob-start-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationjob-start-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronizationjob-start-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/synchronizationjob-start-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronizationjob-start-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationJob: start",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-start.md, after:

---
title: "Start synchronizationJob"
description: "Start an existing synchronization job. If the job is in a paused state, it will continue processing changes from the point where it was paused. If the job is in quarantine, the quarantine status will be cleared."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Start synchronizationJob

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Start an existing synchronization job. If the job is in a paused state, it will continue processing changes from the point where it was paused. If the job is in quarantine, the quarantine status will be cleared. Do not create scripts to call the start job continuously while it's running because that can cause the service to stop running. Use the start job only when the job is currently paused or in quarantine. 

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/start
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method. 

## Response

If successful, returns a `204 No Content` response. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationjob_start"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/start
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronizationjob-start-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationjob-start-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationjob-start-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronizationjob-start-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/synchronizationjob-start-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronizationjob-start-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationJob: start",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
