api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-functions.md, before:

---
title: "synchronizationSchema: functions"
description: "List all the functions currently supported in the attributeMappingSource."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# synchronizationSchema: functions

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

List all the functions currently supported in the [attributeMappingSource](../resources/synchronization-attributemappingsource.md).

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema/functions
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema/functions
GET /applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema/functions
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [attributemappingFunctionSchema](../resources/synchronization-attributemappingfunctionschema.md) objects in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationschema_functions"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema/functions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronizationschema-functions-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationschema-functions-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationschema-functions-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronizationschema-functions-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronizationschema-functions-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned in an actual call.

<!--
{
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.attributeMappingFunctionSchema",
  "isCollection": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#functions",
    "value": [
        {
            "name": "Append",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "suffix",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "DefaultDomain",
            "parameters": []
        },
        {
            "name": "AppRoleAssignments",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "FormatDateTime",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "inputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "outputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

<!--
Below is the full response, which had to be redacted above as Markdown Scanner tool trips over "type" values containing 
non-string type names like "Integer" or "Boolean"

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#functions",
    "value": [
        {
            "name": "Append",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "suffix",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "DefaultDomain",
            "parameters": []
        },
        {
            "name": "AppRoleAssignments",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "FormatDateTime",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "inputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "outputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "IsNothing",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Boolean"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Join",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "separator",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": true,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Prepend",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "prefix",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Mid",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "start",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Integer"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "length",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Integer"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Not",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Boolean"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Replace",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "Find",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "RegularExpression",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "RegularExpressionGroupName",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "Replacement",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "ReplacementPropertyName",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "Template",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "SingleAppRoleAssignment",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Split",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "delimiter",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "StripSpaces",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Switch",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "defaultValue",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": true,
                    "name": "switchValue",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}

-->

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationSchema: functions",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-functions.md, after:

---
title: "synchronizationSchema: functions"
description: "List all the functions currently supported in the attributeMappingSource."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# synchronizationSchema: functions

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

List all the functions currently supported in the [attributeMappingSource](../resources/synchronization-attributemappingsource.md).

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema/functions
GET /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema/functions
GET /applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema/functions
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a collection of [attributemappingFunctionSchema](../resources/synchronization-attributemappingfunctionschema.md) objects in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationschema_functions"
}-->
```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema/functions
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronizationschema-functions-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationschema-functions-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationschema-functions-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronizationschema-functions-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronizationschema-functions-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned in an actual call.

<!--
{
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.attributeMappingFunctionSchema",
  "isCollection": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#functions",
    "value": [
        {
            "name": "Append",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "suffix",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "DefaultDomain",
            "parameters": []
        },
        {
            "name": "AppRoleAssignments",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "FormatDateTime",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "inputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "outputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}
```

<!--
Below is the full response, which had to be redacted above as Markdown Scanner tool trips over "type" values containing 
non-string type names like "Integer" or "Boolean"

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#functions",
    "value": [
        {
            "name": "Append",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "suffix",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "DefaultDomain",
            "parameters": []
        },
        {
            "name": "AppRoleAssignments",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "FormatDateTime",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "inputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "outputFormat",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "IsNothing",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Boolean"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Join",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "separator",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": true,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Prepend",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "prefix",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Mid",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "start",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Integer"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "length",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Integer"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Not",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "Boolean"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Replace",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "Find",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "RegularExpression",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "RegularExpressionGroupName",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "Replacement",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "ReplacementPropertyName",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "Template",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "SingleAppRoleAssignment",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Split",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "delimiter",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "StripSpaces",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        },
        {
            "name": "Switch",
            "parameters": [
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "source",
                    "required": true,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": false,
                    "name": "defaultValue",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                },
                {
                    "allowMultipleOccurrences": true,
                    "name": "switchValue",
                    "required": false,
                    "type": "String"
                }
            ]
        }
    ]
}

-->

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationSchema: functions",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
