api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-delete.md, before:

---
title: "Delete synchronizationSchema"
description: "Deletes the customized schema and resets the schema to the default configuration. If the schema is deleted in the context of the template, it resets the schema to the default one associated with the template's `factoryTag`."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Delete synchronizationSchema

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Deletes the customized schema and resets the schema to the default configuration. If the schema is deleted in the context of the template, it resets the schema to the default one associated with the template's `factoryTag`.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
DELETE /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
DELETE /applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

```http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
```

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete synchronizationSchema",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": []
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-delete.md, after:

---
title: "Delete synchronizationSchema"
description: "Deletes the customized schema and resets the schema to the default configuration. If the schema is deleted in the context of the template, it resets the schema to the default one associated with the template's `factoryTag`."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Delete synchronizationSchema

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Deletes the customized schema and resets the schema to the default configuration. If the schema is deleted in the context of the template, it resets the schema to the default one associated with the template's `factoryTag`.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
DELETE /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
DELETE /applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}/schema
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

```http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{jobId}/schema
```

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete synchronizationSchema",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": []
}
-->
