api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-validatecredentials.md, before:

---
title: "synchronizationJob: validateCredentials"
description: "Validate that the credentials are valid in the tenant."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# synchronizationJob: validateCredentials

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Validate that the credentials are valid in the tenant.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/validateCredentials

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|useSavedCredentials|Boolean|When `true`, the `credentials` parameter will be ignored and the previously saved credentials (if any) will be validated instead. |
|credentials|[synchronizationSecretKeyStringValuePair](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationsecretkeystringvaluepair.md) collection|Credentials to validate. Ignored when the `useSavedCredentials` parameter is `true`.|

## Response
If validation is successful, this method returns a `204, No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationjob_validatecredentials"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/validateCredentials
Content-type: application/json

{ 
    credentials: [ 
        { key: "UserName", value: "user@domain.com" },
        { key: "Password", value: "password-value" }
    ]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationjob-validatecredentials-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationjob-validatecredentials-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationJob: validateCredentials",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-validatecredentials.md, after:

---
title: "synchronizationJob: validateCredentials"
description: "Validate that the credentials are valid in the tenant."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# synchronizationJob: validateCredentials

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Validate that the credentials are valid in the tenant.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/validateCredentials

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|useSavedCredentials|Boolean|When `true`, the `credentials` parameter will be ignored and the previously saved credentials (if any) will be validated instead. |
|credentials|[synchronizationSecretKeyStringValuePair](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationsecretkeystringvaluepair.md) collection|Credentials to validate. Ignored when the `useSavedCredentials` parameter is `true`.|

## Response
If validation is successful, this method returns a `204, No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationjob_validatecredentials"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/validateCredentials
Content-type: application/json

{ 
    credentials: [ 
        { key: "UserName", value: "user@domain.com" },
        { key: "Password", value: "password-value" }
    ]
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationjob-validatecredentials-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronizationjob-validatecredentials-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of the response. 
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationJob: validateCredentials",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
