api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationtemplate-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get synchronizationTemplate"
description: "Retrieve a synchronization template by its identifier."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Get synchronizationTemplate

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve a synchronization template by its identifier.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

### HTTP Request

```http
GET applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}
GET servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

### Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [synchronizationTemplate](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationtemplate.md) object in the response body.

### Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/Slack
```

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned in an actual call.

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
    "id": "Slack",
    "factoryTag": "CustomSCIM",
    "schema": {
        "directories": [],
        "synchronizationRules": []
        }
}
```

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationtemplate-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get synchronizationTemplate"
description: "Retrieve a synchronization template by its identifier."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Get synchronizationTemplate

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve a synchronization template by its identifier.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.Read.All, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

### HTTP Request

```http
GET applications/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}
GET servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{templateId}
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

### Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [synchronizationTemplate](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationtemplate.md) object in the response body.

### Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

```http
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/Slack
```

##### Response
The following is an example of a response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability. All the properties will be returned in an actual call.

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
{
    "id": "Slack",
    "factoryTag": "CustomSCIM",
    "schema": {
        "directories": [],
        "synchronizationRules": []
        }
}
```
