api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-post.md, before:

---
title: "Create synchronizationJob"
description: "Create new synchronization job with a default synchronization schema. The job is created in a disabled state. Call Start job to start synchronization."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Create synchronizationJob

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Create new synchronization job with a default synchronization schema. The job is created in a disabled state. Call [Start job](synchronization-synchronizationjob-start.md) to start synchronization.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [synchronizationJob](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationjob.md) object to be created. The only required property is `templateId`. The `templateId` property must match one of the templates created for this application/service principal. To find available templates, use [List templates](synchronization-synchronizationtemplate-list.md).

## Response

If successful, returns a `201 Created` response code and a [synchronizationJob](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationjob.md) object in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_synchronizationjob_from_synchronization"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs
Content-type: application/json

{ 
    "templateId": "BoxOutDelta"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.synchronizationJob"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "id": "{jobId}",
    "templateId": "BoxOutDelta",
    "schedule": {
        "expiration": null,
        "interval": "P10675199DT2H48M5.4775807S",
        "state": "Disabled"
    },
    "status": {
        "countSuccessiveCompleteFailures": 0,
        "escrowsPruned": false,
        "synchronizedEntryCountByType": [],
        "code": "NotConfigured",
        "lastExecution": null,
        "lastSuccessfulExecution": null,
        "lastSuccessfulExecutionWithExports": null,
        "steadyStateFirstAchievedTime": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
        "steadyStateLastAchievedTime": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
        "quarantine": null,
        "troubleshootingUrl": null
    }
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create synchronizationJob",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationjob-post.md, after:

---
title: "Create synchronizationJob"
description: "Create new synchronization job with a default synchronization schema. The job is created in a disabled state. Call Start job to start synchronization."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# Create synchronizationJob

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Create new synchronization job with a default synchronization schema. The job is created in a disabled state. Call [Start job](synchronization-synchronizationjob-start.md) to start synchronization.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP Request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/
```

## Request headers

| Name           | Type    | Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:-----------|
| Authorization  | string  | Bearer {token}. Required. |

## Request body

In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [synchronizationJob](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationjob.md) object to be created. The only required property is `templateId`. The `templateId` property must match one of the templates created for this application/service principal. To find available templates, use [List templates](synchronization-synchronizationtemplate-list.md).

## Response

If successful, returns a `201 Created` response code and a [synchronizationJob](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationjob.md) object in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_synchronizationjob_from_synchronization"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs
Content-type: application/json

{ 
    "templateId": "BoxOutDelta"
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/create-synchronizationjob-from-synchronization-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of a response. 

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.synchronizationJob"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "id": "{jobId}",
    "templateId": "BoxOutDelta",
    "schedule": {
        "expiration": null,
        "interval": "P10675199DT2H48M5.4775807S",
        "state": "Disabled"
    },
    "status": {
        "countSuccessiveCompleteFailures": 0,
        "escrowsPruned": false,
        "synchronizedEntryCountByType": [],
        "code": "NotConfigured",
        "lastExecution": null,
        "lastSuccessfulExecution": null,
        "lastSuccessfulExecutionWithExports": null,
        "steadyStateFirstAchievedTime": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
        "steadyStateLastAchievedTime": "0001-01-01T00:00:00Z",
        "quarantine": null,
        "troubleshootingUrl": null
    }
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Create synchronizationJob",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
