api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-parseexpression.md, before:

---
title: "synchronizationSchema: parseExpression"
description: "(../resources/synchronization_attributemappingsource.md) object. "
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# synchronizationSchema: parseExpression

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Parse a given string expression into an [attributeMappingSource](../resources/synchronization-attributemappingsource.md) object.

For more information about expressions, see [Writing Expressions for Attribute Mappings in Azure Active Directory](/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-writing-expressions-for-attribute-mappings).

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/schema/parseExpression
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{id}/schema/parseExpression

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|expression               |String               |Expression to parse.|
|testInputObject          |[expressionInputObject](../resources/synchronization-expressioninputobject.md)|Test data object to evaluate expression against. Optional.|
|targetAttributeDefinition|[attributeDefinition](../resources/synchronization-attributedefinition.md) |Definition of the attribute that will be mapped to this expression. Optional.|

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [parseExpressionResponse](../resources/synchronization-parseexpressionresponse.md) object in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationschema_parseexpression"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/schema/parseExpression
Content-type: application/json

{
    "expression":"Replace([preferredLanguage], \"-\", , , \"_\", ,  )",
    "targetAttributeDefinition":null,
    "testInputObject": {
        definition: null,
        properties:[
            { key: "objectId", value : "66E4A8CC-1B7B-435E-95F8-F06CEA133828" },
            { key: "IsSoftDeleted", value: "false"},
            { key: "accountEnabled", value: "true"},
            { key: "streetAddress", value: "1 Redmond Way"},
            { key: "city", value: "Redmond"},
            { key: "state", value: "WA"},
            { key: "postalCode", value: "98052"},
            { key: "country", value: "USA"},
            { key: "department", value: "Sales"},
            { key: "displayName", value: "John Smith"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute1", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute2", value: "Sample 2"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute3", value: "Sample 3"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute4", value: "Sample 4"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute5", value: "Sample 5"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute6", value: "Sample 6"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute7", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute8", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute9", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute10", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute11", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute12", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute13", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute14", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute15", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "givenName", value: "John"},
            { key: "jobTitle", value: "Finance manager"},
            { key: "mail", value: "johns@contoso.com"},
            { key: "mailNickname", value: "johns"},
            { key: "manager", value: "maxs@contoso.com"},
            { key: "mobile", value: "425-555-0010"},
            { key: "onPremisesSecurityIdentifier", value: "66E4A8CC-1B7B-435E-95F8-F06CEA133828"},
            { key: "passwordProfile.password", value: ""},
            { key: "physicalDeliveryOfficeName", value: "Main Office"},
            { key: "preferredLanguage", value: "EN-US"},
            { key: "proxyAddresses", value: ""},
            { key: "surname", value: "Smith"},
            { key: "telephoneNumber", value: "425-555-0011"},
            { key: "userPrincipalName", value: "johns@contoso.com"},
            { key: "appRoleAssignments", "value@odata.type":"#Collection(String)", value: ["Default Assignment"] }
        ]
    }
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationschema-parseexpression-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of the response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.parseExpressionResponse"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "error": null,
    "evaluationSucceeded": true,
    "evaluationResult": [
        "EN_US"
    ],
    "parsedExpression": {
        "expression": "Replace([preferredLanguage], \"-\", , , \"_\", , )",
        "name": "Replace",
        "parameters": [
            {
                "key": "source",
                "value": {
                    "expression": "[preferredLanguage]",
                    "name": "preferredLanguage",
                    "parameters": [],
                    "type": "Attribute"
                }
            },
            {
                "key": "Find",
                "value": {
                    "expression": "\"-\"",
                    "name": "-",
                    "parameters": [],
                    "type": "Constant"
                }
            },
            {
                "key": "Replacement",
                "value": {
                    "expression": "\"_\"",
                    "name": "_",
                    "parameters": [],
                    "type": "Constant"
                }
            }
        ],
        "type": "Function"
    },
    "parsingSucceeded": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationSchema: parseExpression",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronizationschema-parseexpression.md, after:

---
title: "synchronizationSchema: parseExpression"
description: "(../resources/synchronization_attributemappingsource.md) object. "
ms.localizationpriority: medium
doc_type: apiPageType
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.prod: "applications"
---

# synchronizationSchema: parseExpression

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Parse a given string expression into an [attributeMappingSource](../resources/synchronization-attributemappingsource.md) object.

For more information about expressions, see [Writing Expressions for Attribute Mappings in Azure Active Directory](/azure/active-directory/active-directory-saas-writing-expressions-for-attribute-mappings).

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator

## HTTP request
<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->
```http
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/schema/parseExpression
POST /servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/templates/{id}/schema/parseExpression

```
## Request headers
| Name       | Description|
|:---------------|:----------|
| Authorization  | Bearer {code}|

## Request body
In the request body, provide a JSON object with the following parameters.

| Parameter	   | Type	|Description|
|:---------------|:--------|:----------|
|expression               |String               |Expression to parse.|
|testInputObject          |[expressionInputObject](../resources/synchronization-expressioninputobject.md)|Test data object to evaluate expression against. Optional.|
|targetAttributeDefinition|[attributeDefinition](../resources/synchronization-attributedefinition.md) |Definition of the attribute that will be mapped to this expression. Optional.|

## Response
If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and a [parseExpressionResponse](../resources/synchronization-parseexpressionresponse.md) object in the response body.

## Example

##### Request
The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronizationschema_parseexpression"
}-->
```http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/servicePrincipals/{id}/synchronization/jobs/{id}/schema/parseExpression
Content-type: application/json

{
    "expression":"Replace([preferredLanguage], \"-\", , , \"_\", ,  )",
    "targetAttributeDefinition":null,
    "testInputObject": {
        definition: null,
        properties:[
            { key: "objectId", value : "66E4A8CC-1B7B-435E-95F8-F06CEA133828" },
            { key: "IsSoftDeleted", value: "false"},
            { key: "accountEnabled", value: "true"},
            { key: "streetAddress", value: "1 Redmond Way"},
            { key: "city", value: "Redmond"},
            { key: "state", value: "WA"},
            { key: "postalCode", value: "98052"},
            { key: "country", value: "USA"},
            { key: "department", value: "Sales"},
            { key: "displayName", value: "John Smith"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute1", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute2", value: "Sample 2"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute3", value: "Sample 3"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute4", value: "Sample 4"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute5", value: "Sample 5"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute6", value: "Sample 6"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute7", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute8", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute9", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute10", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute11", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute12", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute13", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute14", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "extensionAttribute15", value: "Sample 1"},
            { key: "givenName", value: "John"},
            { key: "jobTitle", value: "Finance manager"},
            { key: "mail", value: "johns@contoso.com"},
            { key: "mailNickname", value: "johns"},
            { key: "manager", value: "maxs@contoso.com"},
            { key: "mobile", value: "425-555-0010"},
            { key: "onPremisesSecurityIdentifier", value: "66E4A8CC-1B7B-435E-95F8-F06CEA133828"},
            { key: "passwordProfile.password", value: ""},
            { key: "physicalDeliveryOfficeName", value: "Main Office"},
            { key: "preferredLanguage", value: "EN-US"},
            { key: "proxyAddresses", value: ""},
            { key: "surname", value: "Smith"},
            { key: "telephoneNumber", value: "425-555-0011"},
            { key: "userPrincipalName", value: "johns@contoso.com"},
            { key: "appRoleAssignments", "value@odata.type":"#Collection(String)", value: ["Default Assignment"] }
        ]
    }
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronizationschema-parseexpression-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

##### Response
The following is an example of the response.

>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.parseExpressionResponse"
} -->
```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "error": null,
    "evaluationSucceeded": true,
    "evaluationResult": [
        "EN_US"
    ],
    "parsedExpression": {
        "expression": "Replace([preferredLanguage], \"-\", , , \"_\", , )",
        "name": "Replace",
        "parameters": [
            {
                "key": "source",
                "value": {
                    "expression": "[preferredLanguage]",
                    "name": "preferredLanguage",
                    "parameters": [],
                    "type": "Attribute"
                }
            },
            {
                "key": "Find",
                "value": {
                    "expression": "\"-\"",
                    "name": "-",
                    "parameters": [],
                    "type": "Constant"
                }
            },
            {
                "key": "Replacement",
                "value": {
                    "expression": "\"_\"",
                    "name": "_",
                    "parameters": [],
                    "type": "Constant"
                }
            }
        ],
        "type": "Function"
    },
    "parsingSucceeded": true
}
```

<!-- uuid: 8fcb5dbc-d5aa-4681-8e31-b001d5168d79
2015-10-25 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!--
{
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "synchronizationSchema: parseExpression",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": "",
  "suppressions": [
  ]
}
-->
