api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronization-acquireaccesstoken.md, before:

---
title: "synchronization: acquireAccessToken"
description: "Acquire an OAuth Access token to authorize the Azure AD provisioning service to provision users into an application"
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "applications"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# acquireAccessToken
Namespace: microsoft.graph

Acquire an OAuth Access token to authorize the Azure AD provisioning service to provision users into an application.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /applications/{applicationsId}/synchronization/acquireAccessToken
POST /servicePrincipals/{servicePrincipalsId}/synchronization/acquireAccessToken
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply JSON representation of the parameters.

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this action.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|credentials|[synchronizationSecretKeyStringValuePair](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationsecretkeystringvaluepair.md) collection|Represents a single secret value.|



## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronization_acquireaccesstoken"
}
-->
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/applications/{applicationsId}/synchronization/acquireAccessToken
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "credentials": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.synchronizationSecretKeyStringValuePair"
    }
  ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

Commit message:

Adding role requirements to sync API docs

api-reference/beta/api/synchronization-synchronization-acquireaccesstoken.md, after:

---
title: "synchronization: acquireAccessToken"
description: "Acquire an OAuth Access token to authorize the Azure AD provisioning service to provision users into an application"
author: "ArvindHarinder1"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "applications"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# acquireAccessToken
Namespace: microsoft.graph

Acquire an OAuth Access token to authorize the Azure AD provisioning service to provision users into an application.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

|Permission type|Permissions (from least to most privileged)|
|:---|:---|
|Delegated (work or school account)|Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account)|Not supported.|
|Application|Application.ReadWrite.OwnedBy, Synchronization.ReadWrite.All|

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following [directory roles](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/active-directory/roles/permissions-reference) when configuring application provisioning or HR-driven provisioning: 

+ Application Administrator 
+ Cloud Application Administrator  

The signed-in user must also be assigned one of the following directory roles when configuring Azure AD Cloud Sync: 

+ Hybrid Identity Administrator 

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
POST /applications/{applicationsId}/synchronization/acquireAccessToken
POST /servicePrincipals/{servicePrincipalsId}/synchronization/acquireAccessToken
```

## Request headers
|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply JSON representation of the parameters.

The following table shows the parameters that can be used with this action.

|Parameter|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|credentials|[synchronizationSecretKeyStringValuePair](../resources/synchronization-synchronizationsecretkeystringvaluepair.md) collection|Represents a single secret value.|



## Response

If successful, this action returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "synchronization_acquireaccesstoken"
}
-->
``` http
POST https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/applications/{applicationsId}/synchronization/acquireAccessToken
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "credentials": [
    {
      "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.synchronizationSecretKeyStringValuePair"
    }
  ]
}
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/synchronization-acquireaccesstoken-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```
