api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroleassignment-get.md, before:

---
title: "Get unifiedRoleAssignment"
description: "Retrieve the properties and relationships of a unifiedRoleAssignment object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Get unifiedRoleAssignment

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the properties and relationships of a [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) object.

## Permissions

Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following table the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, search for the following permissions in [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For Directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

### For Entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All  |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

Get a role assignment for a directory provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/{id}
```

Get a role assignment for the entitlement management provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments/{id}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the requested [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Example 1 : Get details of a role assignment

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_unifiedroleassignment_1",
  "sampleKeys": ["lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1"]
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/$entity",
    "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1",
    "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
    "principalId": "4ab0b690-479b-47ff-af8f-2576cf521872",
    "directoryScopeId": "28ca5a85-489a-49a0-b555-0a6d81e56f0"
}
```

### Example 2: Get details of a role assignment with `$expand`

#### Request

The following is an example of the request with the `$expand` query parameter.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_unifiedroleassignment_2",
  "sampleKeys": ["lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1"]
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1?$expand=roleDefinition
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.
> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/$entity",
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
    "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1",
    "roleDefinitionId": "c2cf284d-6c41-4e6b-afac-4b80928c9034",
    "roleDefinition": {
      "id": "c2cf284d-6c41-4e6b-afac-4b80928c9034",
      "displayName": "Billing Administrator",
      "description": "Can perform common billing related tasks like updating payment information.",
      "rolePermissions": [
        {
          "allowedResourceActions": [
            "microsoft.commerce.billing/allEntities/allTasks",
            "microsoft.directory/organization/basic/update",
          ],
          "excludedResourceActions": []
        }],
      "isEnabled": true,
      },
    "principalId": "f8ca5a85-489a-49a0-b555-0a6d81e56f0d",
    "directoryScopeId": "28ca5a85-489a-49a0-b555-0a6d81e56f0d"
}
```
<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

update doc for exchange online provider

api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroleassignment-get.md, after:

---
title: "Get unifiedRoleAssignment"
description: "Retrieve the properties and relationships of a unifiedRoleAssignment object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Get unifiedRoleAssignment

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Retrieve the properties and relationships of a [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) object.

## Permissions

Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following table the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, search for the following permissions in [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For Directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.Read.Directory, Directory.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory, Directory.ReadWrite.All |

### For Entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.Read.All, EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All  |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

### For an Exchange Online provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.Read.Exchange, RoleManagement.Read.All, RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Exchange   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

Get a role assignment for a directory provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/{id}
```

Get a role assignment for the entitlement management provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
GET /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments/{id}
```

## Optional query parameters

This method supports OData query parameters to help customize the response. For general information, see [OData query parameters](/graph/query-parameters).

## Request headers

| Name      |Description|
|:----------|:----------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `200 OK` response code and the requested [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedroleassignment.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Example 1 : Get details of a role assignment

#### Request

The following is an example of the request.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_unifiedroleassignment_1",
  "sampleKeys": ["lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1"]
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-unifiedroleassignment-1-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.

> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/$entity",
    "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1",
    "roleDefinitionId": "62e90394-69f5-4237-9190-012177145e10",
    "principalId": "4ab0b690-479b-47ff-af8f-2576cf521872",
    "directoryScopeId": "28ca5a85-489a-49a0-b555-0a6d81e56f0"
}
```

### Example 2: Get details of a role assignment with `$expand`

#### Request

The following is an example of the request with the `$expand` query parameter.


# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "get_unifiedroleassignment_2",
  "sampleKeys": ["lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1"]
}-->

```msgraph-interactive
GET https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1?$expand=roleDefinition
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/get-unifiedroleassignment-2-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

#### Response

The following is an example of the response.
> **Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment"
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 200 OK
Content-type: application/json

{
    "@odata.context": "https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/$metadata#roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/$entity",
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.unifiedRoleAssignment",
    "id": "lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1",
    "roleDefinitionId": "c2cf284d-6c41-4e6b-afac-4b80928c9034",
    "roleDefinition": {
      "id": "c2cf284d-6c41-4e6b-afac-4b80928c9034",
      "displayName": "Billing Administrator",
      "description": "Can perform common billing related tasks like updating payment information.",
      "rolePermissions": [
        {
          "allowedResourceActions": [
            "microsoft.commerce.billing/allEntities/allTasks",
            "microsoft.directory/organization/basic/update",
          ],
          "excludedResourceActions": []
        }],
      "isEnabled": true,
      },
    "principalId": "f8ca5a85-489a-49a0-b555-0a6d81e56f0d",
    "directoryScopeId": "28ca5a85-489a-49a0-b555-0a6d81e56f0d"
}
```
<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Get unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
