api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroleassignment-delete.md, before:

---
title: "Delete unifiedRoleAssignment"
description: "Delete a unifiedRoleAssignment object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Delete unifiedRoleAssignment

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Delete a [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedRoleAssignment.md) object.

## Permissions

Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following table the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, search for the following permissions in [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For Directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory |

### For Entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All  |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

Remove a role assignment from a directory provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/{id}
```

Remove a role assignment from the entitlement management provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments/{id}
```


## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_unifiedroleassignment",
  "sampleKeys": ["lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1"]
}-->

```http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-unifiedroleassignment-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-unifiedroleassignment-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-unifiedroleassignment-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/delete-unifiedroleassignment-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/delete-unifiedroleassignment-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/delete-unifiedroleassignment-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

update doc for exchange online provider

api-reference/beta/api/unifiedroleassignment-delete.md, after:

---
title: "Delete unifiedRoleAssignment"
description: "Delete a unifiedRoleAssignment object."
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "DougKirschner"
ms.prod: "directory-management"
doc_type: "apiPageType"
---

# Delete unifiedRoleAssignment

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Delete a [unifiedRoleAssignment](../resources/unifiedRoleAssignment.md) object.

## Permissions

Depending on the RBAC provider and the permission type (delegated or application) that is needed, choose from the following table the least privileged permission required to call this API. To learn more, including [taking caution](/graph/auth/auth-concepts#best-practices-for-requesting-permissions) before choosing more privileged permissions, search for the following permissions in [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

### For Directory (Azure AD) provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Directory |

### For Entitlement management provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  EntitlementManagement.ReadWrite.All  |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

### For an Exchange Online provider

|Permission type      | Permissions (from least to most privileged)              |
|:--------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------|
|Delegated (work or school account) |  RoleManagement.ReadWrite.Exchange   |
|Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.    |
|Application | Not supported. |

## HTTP request

Remove a role assignment from a directory provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/{id}
```

Remove a role assignment from the entitlement management provider:

<!-- { "blockType": "ignored" } -->

```http
DELETE /roleManagement/entitlementManagement/roleAssignments/{id}
```


## Request headers

| Name          | Description   |
|:--------------|:--------------|
| Authorization | Bearer {token} |

## Request body

Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns `204 No Content` response code. It does not return anything in the response body.

## Example

### Request

The following is an example of the request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_unifiedroleassignment",
  "sampleKeys": ["lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1"]
}-->

```http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/roleManagement/directory/roleAssignments/lAPpYvVpN0KRkAEhdxReEJC2sEqbR_9Hr48lds9SGHI-1
```

# [C#](#tab/csharp)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/csharp/delete-unifiedroleassignment-csharp-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-unifiedroleassignment-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-unifiedroleassignment-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Go](#tab/go)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/go/delete-unifiedroleassignment-go-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PowerShell](#tab/powershell)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/powershell/delete-unifiedroleassignment-powershell-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [PHP](#tab/php)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/php/delete-unifiedroleassignment-php-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response

The following is an example of the response.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
} -->

```http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "Delete unifiedRoleAssignment",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
