api-reference/beta/api/virtualappointment-delete.md, before:

---
title: "Delete virtualAppointment"
description: "Delete a virtualAppointment object."
author: "benmicrosoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-communications"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Delete virtualAppointment

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> [!CAUTION] 
  > The Virtual appointment resource is deprecated and will stop returning data on May 31, 2023. Existing apps that use this feature should be updated to the new [Virtual appointment API](../api/virtualappointment-getvirtualappointmentjoinweburl.md).

Delete a [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)                                            |
|:---------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite, OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite                                  |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.                                                                         |
| Application                            | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite.All

> [!NOTE]
> Virtual appointment will transition from online meeting permissions to more specific virtual appointment permissions during the preview period. This will give developers more granular control over virtual appointment permissions. We'll provide additional details on when online meeting permissions will no longer be supported before the preview period ends.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
DELETE /me/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
DELETE /users/{userId}/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
```

## Request headers
| Name            | Description               |
| :-------------- | :------------------------ |
| Authorization   | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Accept-Language | Language. Optional.       |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_virtualappointment",
  "sampleKeys": ["MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi"]
}
-->
``` http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/onlineMeeting/MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi/virtualAppointment
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-virtualappointment-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-virtualappointment-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```

Commit message:

adding methods to deprecation notice

api-reference/beta/api/virtualappointment-delete.md, after:

---
title: "Delete virtualAppointment"
description: "Delete a virtualAppointment object."
author: "benmicrosoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-communications"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Delete virtualAppointment

Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> [!CAUTION]
  > The Virtual appointment resource and supporting methods are deprecated and will stop returning data on May 31, 2023. Existing apps that use this feature should be updated to the new [Get Virtual appointment join link](../api/virtualappointment-getvirtualappointmentjoinweburl.md).

Delete a [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)                                            |
|:---------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite, OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite                                  |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.                                                                         |
| Application                            | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite.All

> [!NOTE]
> Virtual appointment will transition from online meeting permissions to more specific virtual appointment permissions during the preview period. This will give developers more granular control over virtual appointment permissions. We'll provide additional details on when online meeting permissions will no longer be supported before the preview period ends.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
DELETE /me/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
DELETE /users/{userId}/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
```

## Request headers
| Name            | Description               |
| :-------------- | :------------------------ |
| Authorization   | Bearer {token}. Required. |
| Accept-Language | Language. Optional.       |

## Request body
Do not supply a request body for this method.

## Response

If successful, this method returns a `204 No Content` response code.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "delete_virtualappointment",
  "sampleKeys": ["MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi"]
}
-->
``` http
DELETE https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/onlineMeeting/MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi/virtualAppointment
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/delete-virtualappointment-javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

# [Java](#tab/java)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/java/delete-virtualappointment-java-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---

### Response
The following is an example of the response.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 204 No Content
```
