api-reference/beta/api/virtualappointment-put.md, before:

---
title: "Create virtualAppointment"
description: "Create a new virtualAppointment object."
author: "benmicrosoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-communications"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create virtualAppointment
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Create a new [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)                                            |
|:---------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite, OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite                                  |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.                                                                         |
| Application                            | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite.All

> [!NOTE]
> Virtual appointment will transition from online meeting permissions to more specific virtual appointment permissions during the preview period. This will give developers more granular control over virtual appointment permissions. We'll provide additional details on when online meeting permissions will no longer be supported before the preview period ends.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PUT /me/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
PUT /users/{userId}/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object.

You can specify the following properties when you create a **virtualAppointment**.

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|appointmentClients|[virtualAppointmentUser](../resources/virtualappointmentuser.md) collection|The client information for the virtual appointment, including name, email, and SMS phone number. Optional.|
|appointmentClientJoinWebUrl|String|The join web URL of the virtual appointment for clients with waiting room and browser join. Optional.|
|externalAppointmentId|String|The identifier of the appointment from the scheduling system, associated with the current virtual appointment. Optional.|
|externalAppointmentUrl|String|The URL of the appointment resource from the scheduling system, associated with the current virtual appointment. Optional.|
|settings|[virtualAppointmentSettings](../resources/virtualappointmentsettings.md)|The settings associated with the virtual appointment resource. Optional.|



## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and a [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_virtualappointment_from_",
  "sampleKeys": ["MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi"]
}
-->
``` http
PUT https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/onlineMeeting/MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi/virtualAppointment
Content-Type: application/json
ETag: W/"ZfYdV7Meckeip07P//nwjAAADyI7NQ=="
Content-length: 379

{
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.virtualAppointment",
    "settings": {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentSettings",
        "allowClientToJoinUsingBrowser": "true"
    },
    "appointmentClients": [
        {
            "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentUser",
            "emailAddress": "gradya@contoso.com",
            "displayName": "Grady Archie",
            "smsCapablePhoneNumber": "123-456-7890"
        }
    ],
    "externalAppointmentId": "AAMkADKnAAA=",
    "externalAppointmentUrl": "https://anyschedulingsystem.com/api/appointments/MkADKnAAA="
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-virtualappointment-from--javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---



### Response
The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointment"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.virtualAppointment",
    "id": "0c7fda79-ff00-f57f-37e3-28183b6d09b5",
    "settings": {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentSettings",
        "allowClientToJoinUsingBrowser": "true"
    },
    "appointmentClients": [
        {
            "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentUser",
            "emailAddress": "gradya@contoso.com",
            "displayName": "Grady Archie",
            "smsCapablePhoneNumber": "123-456-7890"
        }
    ],
    "externalAppointmentId": "AAMkADKnAAA=",
    "externalAppointmentUrl": "https://anyschedulingsystem.com/api/appointments/MkADKnAAA=",
    "appointmentClientJoinWebUrl": "https://visit.teams.microsoft.com/webrtc-svc/api/route?tid=a796be92-&convId=19:meeting_=True"
}
```

Commit message:

VA Updates to beta
Deprecate existing resource and new function page under OM

api-reference/beta/api/virtualappointment-put.md, after:

---
title: "Create virtualAppointment"
description: "Create a new virtualAppointment object."
author: "benmicrosoft"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: "cloud-communications"
doc_type: apiPageType
---

# Create virtualAppointment
Namespace: microsoft.graph

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

> [!CAUTION] 
  > The Virtual appointment resource is deprecated and will stop returning data on May 31, 2023. Existing apps that use this feature should be updated to the new [Virtual appointment API](../api/onlinemeeting-getvirtualappointmentjoinweburl.md).

Create a new [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object.

## Permissions
One of the following permissions is required to call this API. To learn more, including how to choose permissions, see [Permissions](/graph/permissions-reference).

| Permission type                        | Permissions (from least to most privileged)                                            |
|:---------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Delegated (work or school account)     | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite, OnlineMeetings.ReadWrite                                  |
| Delegated (personal Microsoft account) | Not supported.                                                                         |
| Application                            | VirtualAppointment.ReadWrite.All

> [!NOTE]
> Virtual appointment will transition from online meeting permissions to more specific virtual appointment permissions during the preview period. This will give developers more granular control over virtual appointment permissions. We'll provide additional details on when online meeting permissions will no longer be supported before the preview period ends.

## HTTP request

<!-- {
  "blockType": "ignored"
}
-->
``` http
PUT /me/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
PUT /users/{userId}/onlineMeetings/{onlineMeetingId}/virtualAppointment
```

## Request headers

|Name|Description|
|:---|:---|
|Authorization|Bearer {token}. Required.|
|Content-Type|application/json. Required.|

## Request body
In the request body, supply a JSON representation of the [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object.

You can specify the following properties when you create a **virtualAppointment**.

|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|appointmentClients|[virtualAppointmentUser](../resources/virtualappointmentuser.md) collection|The client information for the virtual appointment, including name, email, and SMS phone number. Optional.|
|appointmentClientJoinWebUrl|String|The join web URL of the virtual appointment for clients with waiting room and browser join. Optional.|
|externalAppointmentId|String|The identifier of the appointment from the scheduling system, associated with the current virtual appointment. Optional.|
|externalAppointmentUrl|String|The URL of the appointment resource from the scheduling system, associated with the current virtual appointment. Optional.|
|settings|[virtualAppointmentSettings](../resources/virtualappointmentsettings.md)|The settings associated with the virtual appointment resource. Optional.|



## Response

If successful, this method returns a `201 Created` response code and a [virtualAppointment](../resources/virtualappointment.md) object in the response body.

## Examples

### Request
The following is an example of a request.

# [HTTP](#tab/http)
<!-- {
  "blockType": "request",
  "name": "create_virtualappointment_from_",
  "sampleKeys": ["MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi"]
}
-->
``` http
PUT https://graph.microsoft.com/beta/me/onlineMeeting/MSpkYzE3Njc0Yy04MWQ5LTRhZGItYmZi/virtualAppointment
Content-Type: application/json
ETag: W/"ZfYdV7Meckeip07P//nwjAAADyI7NQ=="
Content-length: 379

{
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.virtualAppointment",
    "settings": {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentSettings",
        "allowClientToJoinUsingBrowser": "true"
    },
    "appointmentClients": [
        {
            "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentUser",
            "emailAddress": "gradya@contoso.com",
            "displayName": "Grady Archie",
            "smsCapablePhoneNumber": "123-456-7890"
        }
    ],
    "externalAppointmentId": "AAMkADKnAAA=",
    "externalAppointmentUrl": "https://anyschedulingsystem.com/api/appointments/MkADKnAAA="
}
```

# [JavaScript](#tab/javascript)
[!INCLUDE [sample-code](../includes/snippets/javascript/create-virtualappointment-from--javascript-snippets.md)]
[!INCLUDE [sdk-documentation](../includes/snippets/snippets-sdk-documentation-link.md)]

---



### Response
The following is an example of the response.
>**Note:** The response object shown here might be shortened for readability.
<!-- {
  "blockType": "response",
  "truncated": true,
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointment"
}
-->
``` http
HTTP/1.1 201 Created
Content-Type: application/json

{
    "@odata.type": "#microsoft.graph.virtualAppointment",
    "id": "0c7fda79-ff00-f57f-37e3-28183b6d09b5",
    "settings": {
        "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentSettings",
        "allowClientToJoinUsingBrowser": "true"
    },
    "appointmentClients": [
        {
            "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.virtualAppointmentUser",
            "emailAddress": "gradya@contoso.com",
            "displayName": "Grady Archie",
            "smsCapablePhoneNumber": "123-456-7890"
        }
    ],
    "externalAppointmentId": "AAMkADKnAAA=",
    "externalAppointmentUrl": "https://anyschedulingsystem.com/api/appointments/MkADKnAAA=",
    "appointmentClientJoinWebUrl": "https://visit.teams.microsoft.com/webrtc-svc/api/route?tid=a796be92-&convId=19:meeting_=True"
}
```
