api-reference/v1.0/resources/searchhit.md, before:

---
title: "searchHit resource type"
description: "Description of searchHit entity"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "njerigrevious"
ms.prod: "search"
doc_type: "resourcePageType"
---

# searchHit resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Represents a single result within the list of search results.

## Properties

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|contentSource|String|The name of the content source that the **externalItem** is part of.|
|hitId|String|The internal identifier for the item. The format of the identifier varies based on the entity type. For details, see [hitId format](#hitid-format).|
|rank|Int32|The rank or the order of the result.|
|resource|[entity](entity.md)|The underlying Microsoft Graph representation of the search result.|
|resultTemplateId|String|ID of the result template used to render the search result. This ID must map to a display layout in the **resultTemplates** dictionary that is also included in the [searchResponse](searchresponse.md).|
|summary|String|A summary of the result, if a summary is available.|

### hitId format

| Entity type     | ID format        | Example |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|message|RestId|`AAMkAGIwMDA5MmY0LWY5ZTgtNGY5YS04NzczLWNhNjc0ZGIyZDBjYgBGAAAAAADm35sgHbzESapJ8_BjBlhEBwDAYtphe7dsRbDrOT-HAHoKAACmqNsoAADAYtphe7dsRbDrOT-HAHoKAAFsBhyEAAA=`|
|event|EwsId|`AAMkAGIwMDA5MmY0LWY5ZTgtNGY5YS04NzczLWNhNjc0ZGIyZDBjYgFRAAgI232z8Q+AAEYAAAAA5t+bIB28xEmqSfPgYwZYRAcAwGLaYXu3bEWw6zk/xwB6CgAAAAABDQAAwGLaYXu3bEWw6zk/xwB6CgABGnD/jwAAEA==`|
|list|GUID|`6249f5a0-c9fd-4103-8da5-8362fe911151`|
|listItem|GUID|`89b4aeff-de77-4b0e-bec9-a20cd4f6c32d` |
|site|Host,GUID,GUID|`microsoft.sharepoint.com,a5eb6988-c9ad-44be-b3b4-d334d01066c0,4c5ce7de-dbe6-4807-9909-3018f0b83266`|
|drive|Encoded string|`b!kf7AlbfRu0SMqtfcmhLTwf7MGLd-Z0BEqfzvkoqsr21iQFpfPV09TIVf1sa8xOJ0` |
|driveItem|Encoded string|`01ALOVTAX7V22IS566BZF35SNCBTKPNQZN`|
|externalItem|Encoded string|`AAMkADRiYWU5MDRkLWE1NGEtNDg5OS1hZWM2LWIxOWZmNzQzMTdiYQBGAAAAAAAvZTGE+1bNQp4lDRL1ctayBwCQNOp97HTbQK/QVOV30iomAAAAEF6yAACQNOp97HTbQK/QVOV30iomAAAAG/DWAAA=` |
|person|GUID@GUID|`497b7a2a-9e1a-48d7-80e8-2965d2fc3a81@72f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47`|

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.searchHit",
  "baseType": null
}-->

```json
{
  "contentSource": "String",
  "hitId": "String",
  "rank": "Int32",
  "resultTemplateId": "String",
  "resource": { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.entity" },
  "summary": "String"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "searchHit resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->

Commit message:

release answer and collapse to v1.0

api-reference/v1.0/resources/searchhit.md, after:

---
title: "searchHit resource type"
description: "Description of searchHit entity"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
author: "njerigrevious"
ms.prod: "search"
doc_type: "resourcePageType"
---

# searchHit resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph

Represents a single result within the list of search results.

## Properties

| Property     | Type        | Description |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|contentSource|String|The name of the content source that the **externalItem** is part of.|
|hitId|String|The internal identifier for the item. The format of the identifier varies based on the entity type. For details, see [hitId format](#hitid-format).|
|isCollapsed|Boolean|Indicates whether the current result is collapses when the **collapseProperties** property is used.|
|rank|Int32|The rank or the order of the result.|
|resource|[entity](entity.md)|The underlying Microsoft Graph representation of the search result.|
|resultTemplateId|String|ID of the result template used to render the search result. This ID must map to a display layout in the **resultTemplates** dictionary that is also included in the [searchResponse](searchresponse.md).|
|summary|String|A summary of the result, if a summary is available.|

### hitId format

| Entity type     | ID format        | Example |
|:-------------|:------------|:------------|
|message|RestId|`AAMkAGIwMDA5MmY0LWY5ZTgtNGY5YS04NzczLWNhNjc0ZGIyZDBjYgBGAAAAAADm35sgHbzESapJ8_BjBlhEBwDAYtphe7dsRbDrOT-HAHoKAACmqNsoAADAYtphe7dsRbDrOT-HAHoKAAFsBhyEAAA=`|
|event|EwsId|`AAMkAGIwMDA5MmY0LWY5ZTgtNGY5YS04NzczLWNhNjc0ZGIyZDBjYgFRAAgI232z8Q+AAEYAAAAA5t+bIB28xEmqSfPgYwZYRAcAwGLaYXu3bEWw6zk/xwB6CgAAAAABDQAAwGLaYXu3bEWw6zk/xwB6CgABGnD/jwAAEA==`|
|list|GUID|`6249f5a0-c9fd-4103-8da5-8362fe911151`|
|listItem|GUID|`89b4aeff-de77-4b0e-bec9-a20cd4f6c32d` |
|site|Host,GUID,GUID|`microsoft.sharepoint.com,a5eb6988-c9ad-44be-b3b4-d334d01066c0,4c5ce7de-dbe6-4807-9909-3018f0b83266`|
|drive|Encoded string|`b!kf7AlbfRu0SMqtfcmhLTwf7MGLd-Z0BEqfzvkoqsr21iQFpfPV09TIVf1sa8xOJ0` |
|driveItem|Encoded string|`01ALOVTAX7V22IS566BZF35SNCBTKPNQZN`|
|externalItem|Encoded string|`AAMkADRiYWU5MDRkLWE1NGEtNDg5OS1hZWM2LWIxOWZmNzQzMTdiYQBGAAAAAAAvZTGE+1bNQp4lDRL1ctayBwCQNOp97HTbQK/QVOV30iomAAAAEF6yAACQNOp97HTbQK/QVOV30iomAAAAG/DWAAA=` |
|person|GUID@GUID|`497b7a2a-9e1a-48d7-80e8-2965d2fc3a81@72f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47`|

## JSON representation

The following is a JSON representation of the resource.

<!-- {
  "blockType": "resource",
  "optionalProperties": [

  ],
  "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.searchHit",
  "baseType": null
}-->

```json
{
  "contentSource": "String",
  "hitId": "String",
  "rank": "Int32",
  "resultTemplateId": "String",
  "resource": { "@odata.type": "microsoft.graph.entity" },
  "summary": "String"
}
```

<!-- uuid: 16cd6b66-4b1a-43a1-adaf-3a886856ed98
2019-02-04 14:57:30 UTC -->
<!-- {
  "type": "#page.annotation",
  "description": "searchHit resource",
  "keywords": "",
  "section": "documentation",
  "tocPath": ""
}-->
